"ann"
"PSAC"	"Encodes the PsaC subunit of photosystem I."
"NDHG"	"NADH dehydrogenase ND6"
"PETG"	"Cytochrome b6-f complex, subunit V. Disruption of homologous gene in Chlamydomonas results in disruption of cytochrome b6-f complex."
"PSBT..PSBTC"	"Encodes photosystem II 5 kD protein subunit PSII-T. This is a plastid-encoded gene (PsbTc) which also has a nuclear-encoded paralog (PsbTn)., Encodes photosystem II 5 kD protein subunit PSII-T. This is a plastid-encoded gene (PsbTc) which also has a nuclear-encoded paralog (PsbTn)."
"NDHF"	"Chloroplast encoded  NADH dehydrogenase unit."
"ATPI"	"Encodes a subunit of ATPase complex CF0, which is a proton channel that supplies the proton motive force to drive ATP synthesis by CF1 portion of the complex."
"NDHJ"	"Encodes NADH dehydrogenase subunit J.  Its transcription is increased upon sulfur depletion."
"AT.HSFB3..HSFB3"	"member of Heat Stress Transcription Factor (Hsf) family, member of Heat Stress Transcription Factor (Hsf) family"
"ATRAD51C..RAD51C"	"Encodes a protein similar to RAD51C involved in double stranded break repair via homologous recombination. Sensitive to DSB induced by Mitomycin C and gamma irradiation, interacts with Atxrcc3 in yeast two-hybrid assay.  Required for female meiosis but not critical for mitosis under normal conditions., Encodes a protein similar to RAD51C involved in double stranded break repair via homologous recombination. Sensitive to DSB induced by Mitomycin C and gamma irradiation, interacts with Atxrcc3 in yeast two-hybrid assay.  Required for female meiosis but not critical for mitosis under normal conditions."
"X04C11..ATPEN1..PEN1"	"Encodes a protein that catalyzes the production of the tricyclic triterpene arabidiol when expressed in yeast., Encodes a protein that catalyzes the production of the tricyclic triterpene arabidiol when expressed in yeast., Encodes a protein that catalyzes the production of the tricyclic triterpene arabidiol when expressed in yeast."
"XTH15..XTR7"	"xyloglucan endotransglycosylase-related protein (XTR7), xyloglucan endotransglycosylase-related protein (XTR7)"
"MYB39"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB39)."
"ATMAP70.5..MAP70.5"	"Encodes a microtubule associated protein (MAP70-5). Regulates secondary wall patterning in wood cells.  Expressed in all tissues., Encodes a microtubule associated protein (MAP70-5). Regulates secondary wall patterning in wood cells.  Expressed in all tissues."
"DALL1..PLA.I.beta.2"	"Encodes a lipase that hydrolyzes phosphatidylcholine, glycolipids as well as triacylglycerols., Encodes a lipase that hydrolyzes phosphatidylcholine, glycolipids as well as triacylglycerols."
"CYP705A2"	"member of CYP705A"
"ATECI3..ECI3..HCD1"	"encodes a cytosolic delta3, delta2-enoyl CoA isomerase, involved in unsaturated fatty acid degradation, encodes a cytosolic delta3, delta2-enoyl CoA isomerase, involved in unsaturated fatty acid degradation, encodes a cytosolic delta3, delta2-enoyl CoA isomerase, involved in unsaturated fatty acid degradation"
"FD.GOGAT..GLS1..GLU1..GLUS"	"Encodes a gene whose sequence is similar to ferredoxin dependent glutamate synthase (Fd-GOGAT). Expression in leaves is induced by light and sucrose. Proposed to be involved in photorespiration and nitrogen assimilation., Encodes a gene whose sequence is similar to ferredoxin dependent glutamate synthase (Fd-GOGAT). Expression in leaves is induced by light and sucrose. Proposed to be involved in photorespiration and nitrogen assimilation., Encodes a gene whose sequence is similar to ferredoxin dependent glutamate synthase (Fd-GOGAT). Expression in leaves is induced by light and sucrose. Proposed to be involved in photorespiration and nitrogen assimilation., Encodes a gene whose sequence is similar to ferredoxin dependent glutamate synthase (Fd-GOGAT). Expression in leaves is induced by light and sucrose. Proposed to be involved in photorespiration and nitrogen assimilation."
"NAMT1"	"A member of the Arabidopsis SABATH methyltransferase gene family.  Encodes NAMT1, a methyltransferase that methylates nicotinic acid."
"ATSUS6..SUS6"	"Encodes a protein with sucrose synthase activity (SUS6)., Encodes a protein with sucrose synthase activity (SUS6)."
"ATMYB54..MYB54"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor that is a member of the  R2R3-MYB  family., Encodes a putative transcription factor that is a member of the  R2R3-MYB  family."
"ATDR4..DR4"	"encodes a plant-specific protease inhibitor-like protein whose transcript level in root disappears in response to progressive drought stress. The decrease in transcript level is independent from abscisic acid level., encodes a plant-specific protease inhibitor-like protein whose transcript level in root disappears in response to progressive drought stress. The decrease in transcript level is independent from abscisic acid level."
"AT.HSFB4..HSFB4..SCZ"	"Encodes SCHIZORIZA, a member of Heat Shock Transcription Factor (Hsf) family. Functions as a nuclear factor regulating asymmetry of stem cell divisions., Encodes SCHIZORIZA, a member of Heat Shock Transcription Factor (Hsf) family. Functions as a nuclear factor regulating asymmetry of stem cell divisions., Encodes SCHIZORIZA, a member of Heat Shock Transcription Factor (Hsf) family. Functions as a nuclear factor regulating asymmetry of stem cell divisions."
"LAC14"	"putative laccase, a member of laccase family of genes (17 members in Arabidopsis)."
"ATROPGEF10..GEF10..ROPGEF10"	"Encodes a member of KPP-like gene family, homolog of KPP (kinase partner protein) gene in tomato.  Also a member of the RopGEF (guanine nucleotide exchange factor) family, containing the novel PRONE domain (plant-specific Rop nucleotide exchanger), which is exclusively active towards members of the Rop subfamily., Encodes a member of KPP-like gene family, homolog of KPP (kinase partner protein) gene in tomato.  Also a member of the RopGEF (guanine nucleotide exchange factor) family, containing the novel PRONE domain (plant-specific Rop nucleotide exchanger), which is exclusively active towards members of the Rop subfamily., Encodes a member of KPP-like gene family, homolog of KPP (kinase partner protein) gene in tomato.  Also a member of the RopGEF (guanine nucleotide exchange factor) family, containing the novel PRONE domain (plant-specific Rop nucleotide exchanger), which is exclusively active towards members of the Rop subfamily."
"ACL5"	"Encodes a spermine synthase.  Required for internode elongation and vascular development, specifically in the mechanism that defines the boundaries between veins and nonvein regions.   This mechanism may be mediated by polar auxin transport.  Though ACL5 has been shown to function as a spermine  synthase in E. coli, an ACL5 knockout has no effect on the endogenous levels of free and conjugated polyamines in Arabidopsis, suggesting that ACL5 may have a very specific or altogether different in vivo function."
"RAP2.11"	"encodes a member of the ERF (ethylene response factor) subfamily B-6 of ERF/AP2 transcription factor family (RAP2.11). The protein contains one AP2 domain. There are 12 members in this subfamily including RAP2.11."
"PI"	"Floral homeotic gene encoding a MADS domain transcription factor. Required for the specification of petal and stamen identities."
"AAP3..ATAAP3"	"Amino acid permease which transports basic amino acids., Amino acid permease which transports basic amino acids."
"AtRGL3..RGL3"	"DELLA subfamily member involved in GA signal transduction, DELLA subfamily member involved in GA signal transduction"
"AtMYB9..MYB9"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"COBL4..IRX6"	"Encodes a member of the COBRA family, similar to phytochelatin synthetase. Involved in secondary cell wall biosynthesis. Mutants make smaller plants with reduced levels of cellulose and cell wall sugars., Encodes a member of the COBRA family, similar to phytochelatin synthetase. Involved in secondary cell wall biosynthesis. Mutants make smaller plants with reduced levels of cellulose and cell wall sugars."
"GLIP7"	"Contains lipase signature motif and GDSL domain."
"TBL19"	"Encodes a member of the TBL (TRICHOME BIREFRINGENCE-LIKE) gene family containing a plant-specific DUF231 (domain of unknown function) domain. TBL gene family has 46 members, two of which (TBR/AT5G06700 and TBL3/AT5G01360) have been shown to be involved in the synthesis and deposition of secondary wall cellulose, presumably by influencing the esterification state of pectic polymers. A nomenclature for this gene family has been proposed (Volker Bischoff & Wolf Scheible, 2010, personal communication)."
"BETA..CA18..CA2"	"Encodes a beta carbonic anhydrase likely to be localized in the cytoplasm.  Expression of its mRNA is seen in etiolated seedlings and points to a possible nonphotosynthetic role for this isoform., Encodes a beta carbonic anhydrase likely to be localized in the cytoplasm.  Expression of its mRNA is seen in etiolated seedlings and points to a possible nonphotosynthetic role for this isoform., Encodes a beta carbonic anhydrase likely to be localized in the cytoplasm.  Expression of its mRNA is seen in etiolated seedlings and points to a possible nonphotosynthetic role for this isoform."
"PRK1"	"Encodes a member of the receptor-like kinase family of genes. In pollen tubes, it accumulates in the plasma membrane of the apical growing tip through the process of exocytosis."
"WNK9"	"Encodes a member of the WNK family (9 members in all) of protein kinases, the structural design of which is clearly distinct from those of other known protein kinases, such as receptor-like kinases and mitogen-activated protein kinases."
"GATA23"	"Encodes a member of the GATA factor family of zinc finger transcription factors."
"ATK4..KATD"	"Encodes a kinesin-like protein that binds microtubules in an ATP-dependent manner., Encodes a kinesin-like protein that binds microtubules in an ATP-dependent manner."
"UGT72E3"	"UGT72E3 is an UDPG:coniferyl alcohol glucosyltransferase which glucosylates sinapyl- and coniferyl alcohol as well as sinapic acid. The enzyme is thought to be involved in lignin- and phenylpropanoid metabolism. A knockdown mutant line (72E3KD) was obtained using RNAi silencing. No reduction in coniferyl alcohol 4-<i>O</i>-glucoside and sinapyl alcohol 4-<i>O</i>-glucoside was detected in this line compared to wildtype, in contrast with the knockdown line constructed for UGT72E2 displayed a twofold reduction in the these phenylpropanoid 4-<i>O</i>-glucosides."
"AtRLP52..RLP52"	"putative disease resistance protein induced by chitin oligomers., putative disease resistance protein induced by chitin oligomers."
"ZFP3"	"Encodes a zinc finger protein containing only a single zinc finger."
"CYP71B13"	"putative cytochrome P450"
"ATFPF1..FPF1"	"encodes a small protein of 12.6 kDa that regulates flowering and is involved in gibberellin signalling pathway. It is expressed in apical meristems immediately after the photoperiodic induction of flowering. Genetic interactions with flowering time and floral organ identity genes suggest that this gene may be involved in modulating the competence to flower. There are two other genes similar to FPF1, FLP1 (At4g31380) and FLP2 (no locus name yet, on BAC F8F16 on chr 4). This is so far a plant-specific gene and is only found in long-day mustard, arabidopsis, and rice., encodes a small protein of 12.6 kDa that regulates flowering and is involved in gibberellin signalling pathway. It is expressed in apical meristems immediately after the photoperiodic induction of flowering. Genetic interactions with flowering time and floral organ identity genes suggest that this gene may be involved in modulating the competence to flower. There are two other genes similar to FPF1, FLP1 (At4g31380) and FLP2 (no locus name yet, on BAC F8F16 on chr 4). This is so far a plant-specific gene and is only found in long-day mustard, arabidopsis, and rice."
"CYP714A2..ELA2"	"member of CYP714A, member of CYP714A"
"CYP714A1..ELA1"	"member of CYP714A, member of CYP714A"
"MSP.1..OE33..OEE1..OEE33..PSBO.1..PSBO1"	"Encodes a protein which is an extrinsic subunit of photosystem II and which has been proposed to play a central role in stabilization of the catalytic manganese cluster. In <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> the PsbO proteins are encoded by two genes: <i>psbO1</i> and <i>psbO2</i>. PsbO1 is the major isoform in the wild-type., Encodes a protein which is an extrinsic subunit of photosystem II and which has been proposed to play a central role in stabilization of the catalytic manganese cluster. In <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> the PsbO proteins are encoded by two genes: <i>psbO1</i> and <i>psbO2</i>. PsbO1 is the major isoform in the wild-type., Encodes a protein which is an extrinsic subunit of photosystem II and which has been proposed to play a central role in stabilization of the catalytic manganese cluster. In <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> the PsbO proteins are encoded by two genes: <i>psbO1</i> and <i>psbO2</i>. PsbO1 is the major isoform in the wild-type., Encodes a protein which is an extrinsic subunit of photosystem II and which has been proposed to play a central role in stabilization of the catalytic manganese cluster. In <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> the PsbO proteins are encoded by two genes: <i>psbO1</i> and <i>psbO2</i>. PsbO1 is the major isoform in the wild-type., Encodes a protein which is an extrinsic subunit of photosystem II and which has been proposed to play a central role in stabilization of the catalytic manganese cluster. In <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> the PsbO proteins are encoded by two genes: <i>psbO1</i> and <i>psbO2</i>. PsbO1 is the major isoform in the wild-type., Encodes a protein which is an extrinsic subunit of photosystem II and which has been proposed to play a central role in stabilization of the catalytic manganese cluster. In <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> the PsbO proteins are encoded by two genes: <i>psbO1</i> and <i>psbO2</i>. PsbO1 is the major isoform in the wild-type."
"ANAC105..NAC105..VND3"	"Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue., Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue., Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue."
"ATSAC1B..ATSAC6..IBS2..SACIB"	"Mutants in this gene are unable to express female sterility in response to beta-aminobutyric acid, as wild type plants do.  non-consensus AT donor splice site at exon 7, TA donor splice site at exon 10, AT acceptor splice at exon 13., Mutants in this gene are unable to express female sterility in response to beta-aminobutyric acid, as wild type plants do.  non-consensus AT donor splice site at exon 7, TA donor splice site at exon 10, AT acceptor splice at exon 13., Mutants in this gene are unable to express female sterility in response to beta-aminobutyric acid, as wild type plants do.  non-consensus AT donor splice site at exon 7, TA donor splice site at exon 10, AT acceptor splice at exon 13., Mutants in this gene are unable to express female sterility in response to beta-aminobutyric acid, as wild type plants do.  non-consensus AT donor splice site at exon 7, TA donor splice site at exon 10, AT acceptor splice at exon 13."
"ACS5..ATACS5..CIN5..ETO2"	"1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthase (ACS) is encoded by a multigene family consisting of at least five members whose expression is induced by hormones, developmental signals, and protein synthesis inhibition., 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthase (ACS) is encoded by a multigene family consisting of at least five members whose expression is induced by hormones, developmental signals, and protein synthesis inhibition., 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthase (ACS) is encoded by a multigene family consisting of at least five members whose expression is induced by hormones, developmental signals, and protein synthesis inhibition., 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthase (ACS) is encoded by a multigene family consisting of at least five members whose expression is induced by hormones, developmental signals, and protein synthesis inhibition."
"ATMYB68..MYB68"	"Encodes a putative MYB transcription factor., Encodes a putative MYB transcription factor."
"AtMYB53..MYB53"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"ATBXL4..XYL4"	"Encodes a beta-d-xylosidase that belongs to family 3 of glycoside hydrolases., Encodes a beta-d-xylosidase that belongs to family 3 of glycoside hydrolases."
"AAP4"	"Amino acid transporter whose expression is downregulated by dehydration."
"PSAN"	"Encodes the only subunit of photosystem I located entirely in the thylakoid lumen. May be involved in the interaction between plastocyanin and the photosystem I complex."
"ARR6"	"Encodes a Type-A response regulator that is responsive to cytokinin treatment.  Its C-ter domain is very short in comparison to other Arabidopsis ARRs (17 total). Arr6 protein is stabilized by cytokinin."
"ATHVA22B..HVA22B"	"Part of the AtHVA22 family. Protein expression is ABA- and stress-inducible., Part of the AtHVA22 family. Protein expression is ABA- and stress-inducible."
"ATBAG2..BAG2"	"A member of Arabidopsis BAG (Bcl-2-associated athanogene) proteins, plant homologs of mammalian regulators of apoptosis. Plant BAG proteins are multi-functional and remarkably similar to their animal counterparts, as they regulate apoptotic-like processes ranging from pathogen attack, to abiotic stress, to plant development., A member of Arabidopsis BAG (Bcl-2-associated athanogene) proteins, plant homologs of mammalian regulators of apoptosis. Plant BAG proteins are multi-functional and remarkably similar to their animal counterparts, as they regulate apoptotic-like processes ranging from pathogen attack, to abiotic stress, to plant development."
"AGL42..FYF"	"Encodes a MADS box transcription factor. Expressed in quiescent center., Encodes a MADS box transcription factor. Expressed in quiescent center."
"CYCP4..CYCP4.2"	"The P-type cyclins (CYCPs) share a conserved central region of 100 amino acids ('cyclin box') displaying homology to the corresponding region of the PHO80 cyclin from Saccharomyces cerevisiae and the related G1 cyclins from Trypanosoma cruzi and T. brucei., The P-type cyclins (CYCPs) share a conserved central region of 100 amino acids ('cyclin box') displaying homology to the corresponding region of the PHO80 cyclin from Saccharomyces cerevisiae and the related G1 cyclins from Trypanosoma cruzi and T. brucei."
"ATMYB34..ATR1..MYB34"	"Myb-like transcription factor that modulates expression of ASA1, a key point of control in the tryptophan pathway; mutant has deregulated expression of ASA1 in dominant allele. Loss of function allele suggests ATR1 also functions at a control point for regulating indole glucosinolate homeostasis., Myb-like transcription factor that modulates expression of ASA1, a key point of control in the tryptophan pathway; mutant has deregulated expression of ASA1 in dominant allele. Loss of function allele suggests ATR1 also functions at a control point for regulating indole glucosinolate homeostasis., Myb-like transcription factor that modulates expression of ASA1, a key point of control in the tryptophan pathway; mutant has deregulated expression of ASA1 in dominant allele. Loss of function allele suggests ATR1 also functions at a control point for regulating indole glucosinolate homeostasis."
"TMO6"	"Encodes a Dof-type transcription factor."
"ARF4"	"Encodes a member of the ARF family of transcription factors which mediate auxin responses. ARF4 appears to have redundant function with ETT(ARF3) in specifying abaxial cell identity."
"ATLAC17..LAC17"	"putative laccase,  a member of laccase family of genes (17 members in Arabidopsis)., putative laccase,  a member of laccase family of genes (17 members in Arabidopsis)."
"ATMYB59..ATMYB59.1..ATMYB59.2..ATMYB59.3..MYB59"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB59)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB59)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB59)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB59)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB59)."
"LTP3"	"Predicted to encode a PR (pathogenesis-related) protein.  Belongs to the lipid transfer protein (PR-14) family with the following members:   At2g38540/LTP1, At2g38530/LTP2, At5g59320/LTP3, At5g59310/LTP4, At3g51600/LTP5, At3g08770/LTP6, At2g15050/LTP7, At2g18370/LTP8, At2g15325/LTP9, At5g01870/LTP10, At4g33355/LTP11, At3g51590/LTP12, At5g44265/LTP13, At5g62065/LTP14, At4g08530/LTP15."
"LTP4"	"Encodes a member of the lipid transfer protein family. Proteins of this family are generally small (~9 kD), basic, expressed abundantly and contain eight Cys residues. The proteins can bind fatty acids and acylCoA esters and can transfer several different phospholipids. They are localized to the cell wall. The mRNA is present in flowers and siliques, and is strongly up-regulated by abscisic acid. Predicted to be a member of PR-14 pathogenesis-related protein family with the following members:   At2g38540/LTP1, At2g38530/LTP2, At5g59320/LTP3, At5g59310/LTP4, At3g51600/LTP5, At3g08770/LTP6, At2g15050/LTP7, At2g18370/LTP8, At2g15325/LTP9, At5g01870/LTP10, At4g33355/LTP11, At3g51590/LTP12, At5g44265/LTP13, At5g62065/LTP14, At4g08530/LTP15."
"CYP86..CYP86A1..HORST"	"Encodes a member of the CYP86A subfamily of cytochrome p450 genes.  Expressed significantly only in root tissue., Encodes a member of the CYP86A subfamily of cytochrome p450 genes.  Expressed significantly only in root tissue., Encodes a member of the CYP86A subfamily of cytochrome p450 genes.  Expressed significantly only in root tissue."
"LAC16"	"putative laccase,  a member of laccase family of genes (17 members in Arabidopsis)."
"AtMYB36..MYB36"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB36)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB36)."
"TET15"	"Member of TETRASPANIN family"
"AtXTH13..XTH13"	"Encodes a xyloglucan endotransglucosylase/hydrolase with only only the endotransglucosylase (XET; EC   2.4.1.207) activity towards xyloglucan and non-detectable endohydrolytic (XEH; EC 3.2.1.151) activity., Encodes a xyloglucan endotransglucosylase/hydrolase with only only the endotransglucosylase (XET; EC   2.4.1.207) activity towards xyloglucan and non-detectable endohydrolytic (XEH; EC 3.2.1.151) activity."
"PFN3..PRF3"	"Encodes profilin3, a low-molecular weight, actin monomer-binding protein that regulates the organization of actin cytoskeleton. Originally known as profilin5, and later named profilin3. Expressed in vegetative organs., Encodes profilin3, a low-molecular weight, actin monomer-binding protein that regulates the organization of actin cytoskeleton. Originally known as profilin5, and later named profilin3. Expressed in vegetative organs."
"GAMT2"	"A member of the Arabidopsis SABATH methyltransferase gene family.  Encodes GAMT2, a methyltransferase that uses S-adenosine-L-methionine (SAM) as a methyl donor to methylate the carboxyl group of GAs, resulting in the methyl esters of GAs (MeGAs).  Expressed most highly in the siliques during seed development."
"CRR21"	"Encodes a member of the E+ subgroup of the PPR protein family, containing the E and E+ motifs following a tandem array of PPR motifs.  It also contains an unknown motif consisting of 15 aa, which is highly conserved in some PPR proteins, including CRR4.  CRR21 is involved in RNA editing of the site 2 of ndhD (ndhD-2),which encodes a subunit of the NDH complex.  The RNA editing changes aa 128 from Ser to Leu.  Mutants have impaired NDH complex activity."
"AtIAMT1..IAMT1"	"Encodes an enzyme which specifically converts IAA to its methyl ester form MelIAA. This gene belongs to the family of carboxyl methyltransferases whose members  catalyze the transfer of the methyl group from S-adenosyl-L-methionine to carboxylic acid-containing substrates to form small molecule methyl esters. Expression of TCP genes is downregulated in mutant iamt1-D., Encodes an enzyme which specifically converts IAA to its methyl ester form MelIAA. This gene belongs to the family of carboxyl methyltransferases whose members  catalyze the transfer of the methyl group from S-adenosyl-L-methionine to carboxylic acid-containing substrates to form small molecule methyl esters. Expression of TCP genes is downregulated in mutant iamt1-D."
"THI1..THI4..TZ"	"Encodes a thiamine biosynthetic gene that has a dual function in thiamine biosynthesis and mitochondrial DNA damage tolerance. It appears to be involved in producing the thiazole portion of thiamine (vitamin B1). A crystal structure of the protein reveals that it forms a 2-ring homo-octamer., Encodes a thiamine biosynthetic gene that has a dual function in thiamine biosynthesis and mitochondrial DNA damage tolerance. It appears to be involved in producing the thiazole portion of thiamine (vitamin B1). A crystal structure of the protein reveals that it forms a 2-ring homo-octamer., Encodes a thiamine biosynthetic gene that has a dual function in thiamine biosynthesis and mitochondrial DNA damage tolerance. It appears to be involved in producing the thiazole portion of thiamine (vitamin B1). A crystal structure of the protein reveals that it forms a 2-ring homo-octamer."
"LHCB3..LHCB3.1"	"Lhcb3 protein is a component of the main light harvesting chlorophyll a/b-protein complex of Photosystem II (LHC II)., Lhcb3 protein is a component of the main light harvesting chlorophyll a/b-protein complex of Photosystem II (LHC II)."
"AtMYB49..MYB49"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB49)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB49)."
"ATHB52..HB52"	"Encodes a homeodomain leucine zipper class I (HD-Zip I) protein., Encodes a homeodomain leucine zipper class I (HD-Zip I) protein."
"AtMYB19..MYB19"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"CYP96A4"	"member of CYP96A"
"HDG7"	"Encodes a homeobox-leucine zipper family protein belonging to the HD-ZIP IV family."
"AT2353..ATGA20OX2..GA20OX2"	"Encodes gibberellin 20-oxidase. Involved in gibberellin biosynthesis. Up-regulated by far red light in elongating petioles. Not regulated by a circadian clock., Encodes gibberellin 20-oxidase. Involved in gibberellin biosynthesis. Up-regulated by far red light in elongating petioles. Not regulated by a circadian clock., Encodes gibberellin 20-oxidase. Involved in gibberellin biosynthesis. Up-regulated by far red light in elongating petioles. Not regulated by a circadian clock."
"AtMYB78..MYB78"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"KCS21"	"Encodes KCS21, a member of the 3-ketoacyl-CoA synthase family involved in the biosynthesis of VLCFA (very long chain fatty acids)."
"FLS2"	"Encodes a leucine-rich repeat serine/threonine protein kinase that is expressed ubiquitously. FLS2 is involved in MAP kinase signalling relay involved in innate immunity. Essential in the perception of flagellin, a potent elicitor of the defense response.  FLS2 is directed for degradation by the bacterial ubiquitin ligase AvrPtoB."
"ARAC2..ATRAC2..ATROP7..RAC2..ROP7"	"Encodes a Rac-like protein ARAC2.  A member of ROP GTPase gene family., Encodes a Rac-like protein ARAC2.  A member of ROP GTPase gene family., Encodes a Rac-like protein ARAC2.  A member of ROP GTPase gene family., Encodes a Rac-like protein ARAC2.  A member of ROP GTPase gene family., Encodes a Rac-like protein ARAC2.  A member of ROP GTPase gene family."
"AtNPF5.2..ATPTR3..NPF5.2..PTR3"	"Encodes a di- and tri-peptide transporter involved in responses to wounding, virulent bacterial pathogens, and high NaCl concentrations. The protein is predicted to have 12 transmembrane helicies., Encodes a di- and tri-peptide transporter involved in responses to wounding, virulent bacterial pathogens, and high NaCl concentrations. The protein is predicted to have 12 transmembrane helicies., Encodes a di- and tri-peptide transporter involved in responses to wounding, virulent bacterial pathogens, and high NaCl concentrations. The protein is predicted to have 12 transmembrane helicies., Encodes a di- and tri-peptide transporter involved in responses to wounding, virulent bacterial pathogens, and high NaCl concentrations. The protein is predicted to have 12 transmembrane helicies."
"EDA23..GSO2"	"Encodes GASSHO2 (GSO2), a putative leucine-rich repeat transmembrane-type receptor kinase.  GSO2 and a homolog GSO1 (At4g20140) are required for the formation of a normal epidermal surface during embryogenesis., Encodes GASSHO2 (GSO2), a putative leucine-rich repeat transmembrane-type receptor kinase.  GSO2 and a homolog GSO1 (At4g20140) are required for the formation of a normal epidermal surface during embryogenesis."
"ATCLH2..CLH2"	"Encodes a chlorophyllase, the first enzyme in chlorophyll degradation. It catalyzes the hydrolysis of the ester bond to chlorophyllide and phytol. AtCLH2 has a typical signal sequence for the chloroplast. Gene expression does not respond to methyljasmonate, a known promoter of senescence and chlorophyll degradation., Encodes a chlorophyllase, the first enzyme in chlorophyll degradation. It catalyzes the hydrolysis of the ester bond to chlorophyllide and phytol. AtCLH2 has a typical signal sequence for the chloroplast. Gene expression does not respond to methyljasmonate, a known promoter of senescence and chlorophyll degradation."
"AGO10..PNH..ZLL"	"Encodes a member of the EIF2C (elongation initiation factor 2c)/  Argonaute class of proteins. Required to establish the central-peripheral organization of the embryo apex. Along with WUS and CLV genes, controls the relative organization of central zone and peripheral zone cells in meristems. Acts in embryonic provascular tissue potentiating WUSCHEL function during meristem development in the embryo., Encodes a member of the EIF2C (elongation initiation factor 2c)/  Argonaute class of proteins. Required to establish the central-peripheral organization of the embryo apex. Along with WUS and CLV genes, controls the relative organization of central zone and peripheral zone cells in meristems. Acts in embryonic provascular tissue potentiating WUSCHEL function during meristem development in the embryo., Encodes a member of the EIF2C (elongation initiation factor 2c)/  Argonaute class of proteins. Required to establish the central-peripheral organization of the embryo apex. Along with WUS and CLV genes, controls the relative organization of central zone and peripheral zone cells in meristems. Acts in embryonic provascular tissue potentiating WUSCHEL function during meristem development in the embryo."
"BKI1"	"Encodes a plasma-membrane associated phosphoprotein that interacts directly with the kinase domain of BRI1.  It interferes with the interaction between BRI1 with its signalling partner, the plasma membrane localised LRR-receptor kinase BAK1."
"MRN1"	"Encodes an oxidosqualene synthase that produces the monocyclic triterpene marneral."
"ASFT..HHT..RWP1"	"Encodes a feruloyl-CoA transferase required for suberin synthesis. Has feruloyl-CoA-dependent feruloyl transferase activity towards substrates with a primary alcohol., Encodes a feruloyl-CoA transferase required for suberin synthesis. Has feruloyl-CoA-dependent feruloyl transferase activity towards substrates with a primary alcohol., Encodes a feruloyl-CoA transferase required for suberin synthesis. Has feruloyl-CoA-dependent feruloyl transferase activity towards substrates with a primary alcohol."
"BEL1"	"Homeodomain protein required for ovule identity.Loss of function mutations show homeotic conversion of integuments to carpels.Forms heterodimers with STM and KNAT1. Interacts with AG-SEP heterodimers is thought to restrict WUS expression. BEL interacts with MADS box dimers composed of SEP1(or SEP3) and AG, SHP1, SHP2 and STK. The interaction of BEL1 with AG-SEP3 is required for proper integument development and specification of integument identity."
"GLIP1"	"Component of plant resistance.  Contains lipase signature motif and GDSL domain.  Directly interferes with the fungal infection process by acting on fungal cell walls through its action as a antimicrobial compound.  Critical component for both local and systemic resistance responses in the incompatible interaction with Alternaria brassicicola in the ethylene-dependent pathway."
"ATBR6OX..BR6OX..BR6OX1..CYP85A1"	"Encodes a polypeptide involved in the C-6 oxidation of brassinosteroids. Heterologous expression of the protein in yeast conferred the ability to catalyze multiple reactions in which the C-6 position of 6-deoxocastasterone, 6-deoxotyphasterol, 3-dehydro-6-deoxoteasterone and 6-deoxoteasterone are oxidized., Encodes a polypeptide involved in the C-6 oxidation of brassinosteroids. Heterologous expression of the protein in yeast conferred the ability to catalyze multiple reactions in which the C-6 position of 6-deoxocastasterone, 6-deoxotyphasterol, 3-dehydro-6-deoxoteasterone and 6-deoxoteasterone are oxidized., Encodes a polypeptide involved in the C-6 oxidation of brassinosteroids. Heterologous expression of the protein in yeast conferred the ability to catalyze multiple reactions in which the C-6 position of 6-deoxocastasterone, 6-deoxotyphasterol, 3-dehydro-6-deoxoteasterone and 6-deoxoteasterone are oxidized., Encodes a polypeptide involved in the C-6 oxidation of brassinosteroids. Heterologous expression of the protein in yeast conferred the ability to catalyze multiple reactions in which the C-6 position of 6-deoxocastasterone, 6-deoxotyphasterol, 3-dehydro-6-deoxoteasterone and 6-deoxoteasterone are oxidized."
"GLP6"	"germin-like protein (GLP6)"
"CYP716A2"	"member of CYP716A"
"ATXR6..SDG34"	"Encodes a SET-domain protein, a H3K27 monomethyltransferases required for chromatin structure and gene silencing. Regulates heterochromatic DNA replication.  Contains a PCNA-binding domain.  ATXR6 accumulates preferentially during the late G1 or S phase, suggesting that it plays a role in cell-cycle regulation or progression., Encodes a SET-domain protein, a H3K27 monomethyltransferases required for chromatin structure and gene silencing. Regulates heterochromatic DNA replication.  Contains a PCNA-binding domain.  ATXR6 accumulates preferentially during the late G1 or S phase, suggesting that it plays a role in cell-cycle regulation or progression."
"TET12"	"Member of TETRASPANIN family"
"CYP86B1"	"cytochrome P450 CYP86B1, nuclear gene for chloroplast product.  CYP86B1 is a very long chain fatty acid hydroxylase specifically involved in polyester monomer biosynthesis during the course of plant development."
"ATGSTF12..GST26..GSTF12..TT19"	"Encodes glutathione transferase belonging to the phi class of GSTs. Naming convention according to Wagner et al. (2002). Mutants display no pigments on leaves and stems., Encodes glutathione transferase belonging to the phi class of GSTs. Naming convention according to Wagner et al. (2002). Mutants display no pigments on leaves and stems., Encodes glutathione transferase belonging to the phi class of GSTs. Naming convention according to Wagner et al. (2002). Mutants display no pigments on leaves and stems., Encodes glutathione transferase belonging to the phi class of GSTs. Naming convention according to Wagner et al. (2002). Mutants display no pigments on leaves and stems."
"AtMYB43..MYB43"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB43)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB43)."
"ATF2..TRXF2"	"Encodes an f-type thioredoxin (Trx-f2) localized in chloroplast stroma., Encodes an f-type thioredoxin (Trx-f2) localized in chloroplast stroma."
"AtMYB40..MYB40"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"AGL15"	"AGL15 (AGAMOUS-Like 15) is a member of the MADS domain family of regulatory factors. Although AGL15 is preferentially expressed during embryogenesis, AGL15 is also expressed in leaf primordia, shoot apical meristems and young floral buds, suggesting that AGL15 may play a role during post-germinative development. Transgenic plants that ectopically express AGL15 show delays in the transition to flowering, perianth abscission and senescence and fruit and seed maturation. Role in embryogenesis and gibberellic acid  catabolism. Targets B3 domain transcription factors that are key regulators of embryogenesis."
"AtGH3.12..GDG1..GH3.12..PBS3..WIN3"	"Encodes an enzyme capable of conjugating amino acids to 4-substituted benzoates. 4-HBA (4-hydroxybenzoic acid) and pABA (4-aminobenzoate) may be targets of the enzyme in Arabidopsis, leading to the production of pABA-Glu, 4HBA-Glu, or other related compounds. This enzyme is involved in disease-resistance signaling. It is required for the accumulation of salicylic acid, activation of defense responses, and resistance to Pseudomonas syringae. Salicylic acid can decrease this enzyme's activity in vitro and may act as a competitive inhibitor. Expression of PBS3/GH3.12 can be detected in cotyledons, true leaves, hypocotyls, and occasionally in some parts of roots from 10-day-old seedlings.  No expression has been detected in root, stem, rosette or cauline leaves of mature 4- to 5-week-old plants., Encodes an enzyme capable of conjugating amino acids to 4-substituted benzoates. 4-HBA (4-hydroxybenzoic acid) and pABA (4-aminobenzoate) may be targets of the enzyme in Arabidopsis, leading to the production of pABA-Glu, 4HBA-Glu, or other related compounds. This enzyme is involved in disease-resistance signaling. It is required for the accumulation of salicylic acid, activation of defense responses, and resistance to Pseudomonas syringae. Salicylic acid can decrease this enzyme's activity in vitro and may act as a competitive inhibitor. Expression of PBS3/GH3.12 can be detected in cotyledons, true leaves, hypocotyls, and occasionally in some parts of roots from 10-day-old seedlings.  No expression has been detected in root, stem, rosette or cauline leaves of mature 4- to 5-week-old plants., Encodes an enzyme capable of conjugating amino acids to 4-substituted benzoates. 4-HBA (4-hydroxybenzoic acid) and pABA (4-aminobenzoate) may be targets of the enzyme in Arabidopsis, leading to the production of pABA-Glu, 4HBA-Glu, or other related compounds. This enzyme is involved in disease-resistance signaling. It is required for the accumulation of salicylic acid, activation of defense responses, and resistance to Pseudomonas syringae. Salicylic acid can decrease this enzyme's activity in vitro and may act as a competitive inhibitor. Expression of PBS3/GH3.12 can be detected in cotyledons, true leaves, hypocotyls, and occasionally in some parts of roots from 10-day-old seedlings.  No expression has been detected in root, stem, rosette or cauline leaves of mature 4- to 5-week-old plants., Encodes an enzyme capable of conjugating amino acids to 4-substituted benzoates. 4-HBA (4-hydroxybenzoic acid) and pABA (4-aminobenzoate) may be targets of the enzyme in Arabidopsis, leading to the production of pABA-Glu, 4HBA-Glu, or other related compounds. This enzyme is involved in disease-resistance signaling. It is required for the accumulation of salicylic acid, activation of defense responses, and resistance to Pseudomonas syringae. Salicylic acid can decrease this enzyme's activity in vitro and may act as a competitive inhibitor. Expression of PBS3/GH3.12 can be detected in cotyledons, true leaves, hypocotyls, and occasionally in some parts of roots from 10-day-old seedlings.  No expression has been detected in root, stem, rosette or cauline leaves of mature 4- to 5-week-old plants., Encodes an enzyme capable of conjugating amino acids to 4-substituted benzoates. 4-HBA (4-hydroxybenzoic acid) and pABA (4-aminobenzoate) may be targets of the enzyme in Arabidopsis, leading to the production of pABA-Glu, 4HBA-Glu, or other related compounds. This enzyme is involved in disease-resistance signaling. It is required for the accumulation of salicylic acid, activation of defense responses, and resistance to Pseudomonas syringae. Salicylic acid can decrease this enzyme's activity in vitro and may act as a competitive inhibitor. Expression of PBS3/GH3.12 can be detected in cotyledons, true leaves, hypocotyls, and occasionally in some parts of roots from 10-day-old seedlings.  No expression has been detected in root, stem, rosette or cauline leaves of mature 4- to 5-week-old plants."
"ATMYB46..MYB46"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"ATMYB64..ATMYB92..MYB92"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB92)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB92)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB92)."
"ATMIPS3..MIPS3"	"myo-inositol-1-phosphate synthase isoform 3.Expressed in leaf, root and silique. Immunolocaliazation experiments with an antibody recognizing MIPS1, MIPS2, and MIPS3 showed endosperm localization., myo-inositol-1-phosphate synthase isoform 3.Expressed in leaf, root and silique. Immunolocaliazation experiments with an antibody recognizing MIPS1, MIPS2, and MIPS3 showed endosperm localization."
"ANN7..ANNAT7"	"Encodes a calcium-binding protein annexin (AnnAt7)., Encodes a calcium-binding protein annexin (AnnAt7)."
"ATBX3..ATBXL3..BX3..BXL3..XYL3"	"encodes a protein similar to a beta-xylosidase located in the extracellular matrix. This is a member of glycosyl hydrolase family 3 and has six other closely related members., encodes a protein similar to a beta-xylosidase located in the extracellular matrix. This is a member of glycosyl hydrolase family 3 and has six other closely related members., encodes a protein similar to a beta-xylosidase located in the extracellular matrix. This is a member of glycosyl hydrolase family 3 and has six other closely related members., encodes a protein similar to a beta-xylosidase located in the extracellular matrix. This is a member of glycosyl hydrolase family 3 and has six other closely related members., encodes a protein similar to a beta-xylosidase located in the extracellular matrix. This is a member of glycosyl hydrolase family 3 and has six other closely related members."
"HAT14"	"Homeobox-leucine zipper protein."
"CBB3..CPD..CYP90..CYP90A..CYP90A1..DWF3"	"Encodes a member of the CP90A family, a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase which converts 6-deoxocathasterone to 6-deoxoteasterone in the late C6 oxidation pathway and cathasterone to teasterone in the early C6 oxidation pathway of brassinolide biosynthesis.  Expressed in cotyledons and leaves. Mutants display de-etiolation and derepression of light-induced genes in the dark, dwarfism, male sterility and activation of stress-regulated genes in the light. The expression of the gene using a CPD promoter:LUC fusion construct was shown to be under circadian and light control. Additionally, the circadian regulation was shown to be independent of BR levels as it remains unchanged in <i>bri1</i> mutant lines. CPD appears to be involved in the autonomous pathway that regulates the transition to flowering, primarily through a BRI1-mediated signaling pathway that affects FLC expression levels, as uncovered by double mutant analyses., Encodes a member of the CP90A family, a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase which converts 6-deoxocathasterone to 6-deoxoteasterone in the late C6 oxidation pathway and cathasterone to teasterone in the early C6 oxidation pathway of brassinolide biosynthesis.  Expressed in cotyledons and leaves. Mutants display de-etiolation and derepression of light-induced genes in the dark, dwarfism, male sterility and activation of stress-regulated genes in the light. The expression of the gene using a CPD promoter:LUC fusion construct was shown to be under circadian and light control. Additionally, the circadian regulation was shown to be independent of BR levels as it remains unchanged in <i>bri1</i> mutant lines. CPD appears to be involved in the autonomous pathway that regulates the transition to flowering, primarily through a BRI1-mediated signaling pathway that affects FLC expression levels, as uncovered by double mutant analyses., Encodes a member of the CP90A family, a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase which converts 6-deoxocathasterone to 6-deoxoteasterone in the late C6 oxidation pathway and cathasterone to teasterone in the early C6 oxidation pathway of brassinolide biosynthesis.  Expressed in cotyledons and leaves. Mutants display de-etiolation and derepression of light-induced genes in the dark, dwarfism, male sterility and activation of stress-regulated genes in the light. The expression of the gene using a CPD promoter:LUC fusion construct was shown to be under circadian and light control. Additionally, the circadian regulation was shown to be independent of BR levels as it remains unchanged in <i>bri1</i> mutant lines. CPD appears to be involved in the autonomous pathway that regulates the transition to flowering, primarily through a BRI1-mediated signaling pathway that affects FLC expression levels, as uncovered by double mutant analyses., Encodes a member of the CP90A family, a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase which converts 6-deoxocathasterone to 6-deoxoteasterone in the late C6 oxidation pathway and cathasterone to teasterone in the early C6 oxidation pathway of brassinolide biosynthesis.  Expressed in cotyledons and leaves. Mutants display de-etiolation and derepression of light-induced genes in the dark, dwarfism, male sterility and activation of stress-regulated genes in the light. The expression of the gene using a CPD promoter:LUC fusion construct was shown to be under circadian and light control. Additionally, the circadian regulation was shown to be independent of BR levels as it remains unchanged in <i>bri1</i> mutant lines. CPD appears to be involved in the autonomous pathway that regulates the transition to flowering, primarily through a BRI1-mediated signaling pathway that affects FLC expression levels, as uncovered by double mutant analyses., Encodes a member of the CP90A family, a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase which converts 6-deoxocathasterone to 6-deoxoteasterone in the late C6 oxidation pathway and cathasterone to teasterone in the early C6 oxidation pathway of brassinolide biosynthesis.  Expressed in cotyledons and leaves. Mutants display de-etiolation and derepression of light-induced genes in the dark, dwarfism, male sterility and activation of stress-regulated genes in the light. The expression of the gene using a CPD promoter:LUC fusion construct was shown to be under circadian and light control. Additionally, the circadian regulation was shown to be independent of BR levels as it remains unchanged in <i>bri1</i> mutant lines. CPD appears to be involved in the autonomous pathway that regulates the transition to flowering, primarily through a BRI1-mediated signaling pathway that affects FLC expression levels, as uncovered by double mutant analyses., Encodes a member of the CP90A family, a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase which converts 6-deoxocathasterone to 6-deoxoteasterone in the late C6 oxidation pathway and cathasterone to teasterone in the early C6 oxidation pathway of brassinolide biosynthesis.  Expressed in cotyledons and leaves. Mutants display de-etiolation and derepression of light-induced genes in the dark, dwarfism, male sterility and activation of stress-regulated genes in the light. The expression of the gene using a CPD promoter:LUC fusion construct was shown to be under circadian and light control. Additionally, the circadian regulation was shown to be independent of BR levels as it remains unchanged in <i>bri1</i> mutant lines. CPD appears to be involved in the autonomous pathway that regulates the transition to flowering, primarily through a BRI1-mediated signaling pathway that affects FLC expression levels, as uncovered by double mutant analyses."
"LAC12"	"putative laccase,  a member of laccase family of genes (17 members in Arabidopsis)."
"JKD"	"JKD is a nuclear-localized putative transcription factor with three zinc finger domains. jkd mutants show a number of root patterning defects including ectopic periclinal divisions in the cortex, increased cell numbers in the cortical and epidermal layers, a disrupted QC marker expression pattern, and disorganized QC and columella cells. jkd mutants also have a reduced number of meristematic cells in their roots. JKD can interact with the SCR and SHR proteins implicated in root patterning, as well as another zinc finger transcription factor, MAGPIE. All of these interactions require the first zinc finger in JKD according to a Y2H assay. There are also transcriptional interactions among these proteins. The initiation of JKD transcription does not appear to depend on SCR and SHR, but later expression in the post-embryonic QC cells and ground tissue initials is reduced in scr and shr mutants. JKD also appears to be required for SCR transcription beginning in the embryo. There is also some evidence that JKD plays a role in promoting the movement of SHR into the nucleus, particularly in QC cells, but this may be indirect."
"GSTL1"	"Encodes a member of the lambda family of glutathione transferases. It has thiol transferase activity and self S-glutathionylation activity in vitro."
"LecRK.VI.4..LECRKA4.3"	"Encodes LecRKA4.3, a member of the lectin receptor kinase subfamily A4 (LecRKA4.1 At5g01540; LecRKA4.2 At5g01550; LecRKA4.3 At5g01560).  Together with other members of the subfamily, functions redundantly in the negative regulation of ABA response in seed germination., Encodes LecRKA4.3, a member of the lectin receptor kinase subfamily A4 (LecRKA4.1 At5g01540; LecRKA4.2 At5g01550; LecRKA4.3 At5g01560).  Together with other members of the subfamily, functions redundantly in the negative regulation of ABA response in seed germination."
"LAC10"	"putative laccase,  a member of laccase family of genes (17 members in Arabidopsis)."
"CSP41A"	"Encodes a protein with ribonuclease activity that is involved in plastid rRNA maturation."
"FKD1"	"Encodes a pleckstrin homology domain- and DUF828-containing protein. Mutants have defects in leaf vascular pattering, with vascular bundles that fail to meet distally in both the cotyledons and leaves. Necessary to the formation of the closed leaf vascular pattern characteristic of dicot leaves in response to auxin. Redundant with FKD2. FKD1 may influence PIN1 localization in an auxin dependent  manner. proposed to be a key component of the auxin canalization pathway."
"ATCKX6..ATCKX7..CKX6"	"This gene used to be called AtCKX7. It encodes a protein whose sequence is similar to cytokinin oxidase/dehydrogenase, which catalyzes the degradation of cytokinins., This gene used to be called AtCKX7. It encodes a protein whose sequence is similar to cytokinin oxidase/dehydrogenase, which catalyzes the degradation of cytokinins., This gene used to be called AtCKX7. It encodes a protein whose sequence is similar to cytokinin oxidase/dehydrogenase, which catalyzes the degradation of cytokinins."
"ATL5"	"Encodes a RING-H2 zinc finger protein related to ATL2. The ATL gene family is represented by fifteen sequences that contain, in addition to the RING, a transmembrane domain which is located in most of them towards the N-terminal end."
"CP12..CP12.2"	"CP12-2 encodes a small peptide found in the chloroplast stroma. It belongs to the CP12 gene family thought to be involved in the formation of a supramolecular complex with glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) and phosphoribulokinase (PRK) embedded in the Calvin cycle. CP12-2 is coordinately regulated by light with the photosynthetic GAPDH and PRK. The annotation of this gene is based on article 32494., CP12-2 encodes a small peptide found in the chloroplast stroma. It belongs to the CP12 gene family thought to be involved in the formation of a supramolecular complex with glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) and phosphoribulokinase (PRK) embedded in the Calvin cycle. CP12-2 is coordinately regulated by light with the photosynthetic GAPDH and PRK. The annotation of this gene is based on article 32494."
"PIF6..PIL2"	"encodes a novel Myc-related bHLH transcription factor, which physically associated with APRR1/TOC1 and is a member of PIF3 transcription factor family., encodes a novel Myc-related bHLH transcription factor, which physically associated with APRR1/TOC1 and is a member of PIF3 transcription factor family."
"GUN4"	"GUN, genomes uncoupled, is necessary for coupling the expression of some  nuclear genes to the functional state of the chloroplast. Binds to the magnesium chelatase complex and  promotes formation of the substrate,a tetrapyrrole signaling molecule. Porphyrin-binding protein  that enhances the activity of Mg-chelatase. Although required  for chlorophyll accumulation under normal  growth conditions, GUN4 is not essential  for chlorophyll synthesis."
"AGL1..SHP1"	"One of two genes (SHP1 and SHP2) that are required for fruit dehiscence. The two genes control dehiscence zone differentiation and promote the lignification of adjacent cells., One of two genes (SHP1 and SHP2) that are required for fruit dehiscence. The two genes control dehiscence zone differentiation and promote the lignification of adjacent cells."
"ASL16..LBD29"	"This gene contains two auxin-responsive element (AuxRE)., This gene contains two auxin-responsive element (AuxRE)."
"RTM3"	"Encodes RTM3 (Restricted Tobacco etch potyvirus Movement), a protein belonging to a protein family of 29 members which has a meprin and TRAF homology (MATH) domain in its N-terminal region and a coiled-coil (CC) domain at its C-terminal end.  There are at least three RTMs in Arabidopsis.  RTM proteins might form a multiprotein complex in the resistance mechanism to block the long distance movement of potyviruses."
"BHLH039..bHLH39..ORG3"	"Encodes a member of the basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor protein., Encodes a member of the basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor protein., Encodes a member of the basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor protein."
"SBPASE"	"Encodes the chloroplast enzyme sedoheptulose-1,7-bisphosphatase (SBPase), involved in the carbon reduction of the Calvin cycle. Increase in SBPase activity in transgenic lines accumulate up to 50% more sucrose and starch than wild-type."
"OBP3"	"Encodes a nuclear localized Dof domain containing transcription factor expressed primarily in roots. Responsive to salicylic acid. Transgenic overexpressors have yellow leaves and short, defective roots."
"HCEF1"	"Encodes HCEF1 (High Cyclic Electron Flow 1).  Mutant phenotype: constitutively elevated electron flow (CEFI)."
"AP3..ATAP3"	"Floral homeotic gene encoding a MADS domain protein homologous to SRF transcription factors. Specifies petal and stamen identities. Associates with PISTILLATA., Floral homeotic gene encoding a MADS domain protein homologous to SRF transcription factors. Specifies petal and stamen identities. Associates with PISTILLATA."
"ATCHX20..CHX20"	"member of Putative Na+/H+ antiporter family.  Involved in the osmoregulation through K(+) fluxes and possibly pH modulation of an active endomembrane system in guard cells., member of Putative Na+/H+ antiporter family.  Involved in the osmoregulation through K(+) fluxes and possibly pH modulation of an active endomembrane system in guard cells."
"ZPR3"	"ZPR3 is a small-leucine zipper containing protein that is involved in the establishment of leaf polarity."
"GATA18..HAN..MNP"	"Encodes a GATA factort transcriptional regulator required to position the proembryo boundary in the early embryo., Encodes a GATA factort transcriptional regulator required to position the proembryo boundary in the early embryo., Encodes a GATA factort transcriptional regulator required to position the proembryo boundary in the early embryo."
"OEC33..PSBO.2..PSBO2"	"Encodes a protein which is an extrinsic subunit of photosystem II and which has been proposed to play a central role in stabilization of the catalytic manganese cluster. In <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> the PsbO proteins are encoded by two genes: <i>psbO1</i> and <i>psbO2</i>. PsbO2 is the minor isoform in the wild-type. Mutants defective in this gene have been shown to be affected in the dephosphorylation of the D1 protein of PSII., Encodes a protein which is an extrinsic subunit of photosystem II and which has been proposed to play a central role in stabilization of the catalytic manganese cluster. In <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> the PsbO proteins are encoded by two genes: <i>psbO1</i> and <i>psbO2</i>. PsbO2 is the minor isoform in the wild-type. Mutants defective in this gene have been shown to be affected in the dephosphorylation of the D1 protein of PSII., Encodes a protein which is an extrinsic subunit of photosystem II and which has been proposed to play a central role in stabilization of the catalytic manganese cluster. In <i>Arabidopsis thaliana</i> the PsbO proteins are encoded by two genes: <i>psbO1</i> and <i>psbO2</i>. PsbO2 is the minor isoform in the wild-type. Mutants defective in this gene have been shown to be affected in the dephosphorylation of the D1 protein of PSII."
"ATMES10..MES10"	"Encodes a protein shown to have methyl jasmonate esterase activity in vitro. This protein does not act on methyl IAA, MeSA, MeGA4, or MEGA9 in vitro., Encodes a protein shown to have methyl jasmonate esterase activity in vitro. This protein does not act on methyl IAA, MeSA, MeGA4, or MEGA9 in vitro."
"HR4"	"Homolog of RPW8"
"UGT72E1"	"UGT72E1 is an UDPG:coniferyl alcohol glucosyltransferase which specifically glucosylates sinapyl- and coniferyl aldehydes. The enzyme is thought to be involved in lignin metabolism."
"KICP.02"	"Encodes a kinesin-related protein."
"ATMYB84..MYB84..RAX3"	"Putative homolog of the Blind gene in tomato. Together with RAX1 and RAX3 belong to the class R2R3 MYB genes; encoded by the Myb-like transcription factor MYB84, regulates axillary meristem formation. , Putative homolog of the Blind gene in tomato. Together with RAX1 and RAX3 belong to the class R2R3 MYB genes; encoded by the Myb-like transcription factor MYB84, regulates axillary meristem formation. , Putative homolog of the Blind gene in tomato. Together with RAX1 and RAX3 belong to the class R2R3 MYB genes; encoded by the Myb-like transcription factor MYB84, regulates axillary meristem formation. "
"DIN11"	"encodes a protein similar to 2-oxoacid-dependent dioxygenase. Expression is induced after 24 hours of dark treatment, in senescing leaves and treatment with exogenous photosynthesis inhibitor. Induction of gene expression was suppressed in excised leaves supplied with sugar. The authors suggest that the gene's expression pattern is responding to the level of sugar in the cell."
"ACS9..AtACS9..ETO3"	"encodes a a member of the 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate (ACC) synthase (S-adenosyl-L-methionine methylthioadenosine-lyase, EC 4.4.1.14) gene family.  Mutants produce elevated levels of ethylene as etiolated seedlings., encodes a a member of the 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate (ACC) synthase (S-adenosyl-L-methionine methylthioadenosine-lyase, EC 4.4.1.14) gene family.  Mutants produce elevated levels of ethylene as etiolated seedlings., encodes a a member of the 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate (ACC) synthase (S-adenosyl-L-methionine methylthioadenosine-lyase, EC 4.4.1.14) gene family.  Mutants produce elevated levels of ethylene as etiolated seedlings."
"ABCA3..ATATH2..ATH2"	"member of ATH subfamily, member of ATH subfamily, member of ATH subfamily"
"ABCA6..ATATH5..ATH5"	"member of ATH subfamily, member of ATH subfamily, member of ATH subfamily"
"AtTCP14..TCP14"	"Encodes a transcription factor AtTCP14 that regulates seed germination.  AtTCP14 shows elevated expression level just prior to germination.  AtTCP14 is predominantly expressed in the vascular tissue of the embryo, and affects gene expression in radicles in a non-cell-autonomous manner., Encodes a transcription factor AtTCP14 that regulates seed germination.  AtTCP14 shows elevated expression level just prior to germination.  AtTCP14 is predominantly expressed in the vascular tissue of the embryo, and affects gene expression in radicles in a non-cell-autonomous manner."
"JK224..NPH1..PHOT1..RPT1"	"Blue-light photoreceptor. Contains a light activated serine-threonine kinase domain and LOV1 and LOV2 repeats. Mutants are defective in blue-light response. Mediates blue light-induced growth enhancements. PHOT1 and PHOT2 mediate blue light-dependent  activation of the plasma membrane H+-ATPase in guard cell protoplasts. PHOT1 undergoes blue-light-dependent autophosphorylation. At least eight phosphorylation sites have been identified in PHOT1. Phosphorylation of serine851 in the activation loop of PHOT1 appears to be required for stomatal opening, chloroplast accumulation, leaf flattening, and phototropism, and phosphorylation of serine849 may also contribute to the regulation of these responses. Phosphorylation-dependent binding of 14-3-3 proteins to the Hinge1 region of PHOT1 appears to require serine350 and serine376., Blue-light photoreceptor. Contains a light activated serine-threonine kinase domain and LOV1 and LOV2 repeats. Mutants are defective in blue-light response. Mediates blue light-induced growth enhancements. PHOT1 and PHOT2 mediate blue light-dependent  activation of the plasma membrane H+-ATPase in guard cell protoplasts. PHOT1 undergoes blue-light-dependent autophosphorylation. At least eight phosphorylation sites have been identified in PHOT1. Phosphorylation of serine851 in the activation loop of PHOT1 appears to be required for stomatal opening, chloroplast accumulation, leaf flattening, and phototropism, and phosphorylation of serine849 may also contribute to the regulation of these responses. Phosphorylation-dependent binding of 14-3-3 proteins to the Hinge1 region of PHOT1 appears to require serine350 and serine376., Blue-light photoreceptor. Contains a light activated serine-threonine kinase domain and LOV1 and LOV2 repeats. Mutants are defective in blue-light response. Mediates blue light-induced growth enhancements. PHOT1 and PHOT2 mediate blue light-dependent  activation of the plasma membrane H+-ATPase in guard cell protoplasts. PHOT1 undergoes blue-light-dependent autophosphorylation. At least eight phosphorylation sites have been identified in PHOT1. Phosphorylation of serine851 in the activation loop of PHOT1 appears to be required for stomatal opening, chloroplast accumulation, leaf flattening, and phototropism, and phosphorylation of serine849 may also contribute to the regulation of these responses. Phosphorylation-dependent binding of 14-3-3 proteins to the Hinge1 region of PHOT1 appears to require serine350 and serine376., Blue-light photoreceptor. Contains a light activated serine-threonine kinase domain and LOV1 and LOV2 repeats. Mutants are defective in blue-light response. Mediates blue light-induced growth enhancements. PHOT1 and PHOT2 mediate blue light-dependent  activation of the plasma membrane H+-ATPase in guard cell protoplasts. PHOT1 undergoes blue-light-dependent autophosphorylation. At least eight phosphorylation sites have been identified in PHOT1. Phosphorylation of serine851 in the activation loop of PHOT1 appears to be required for stomatal opening, chloroplast accumulation, leaf flattening, and phototropism, and phosphorylation of serine849 may also contribute to the regulation of these responses. Phosphorylation-dependent binding of 14-3-3 proteins to the Hinge1 region of PHOT1 appears to require serine350 and serine376."
"ATSYP72..SYP72"	"syntaxin of plants 72 (SYP72), syntaxin of plants 72 (SYP72)"
"ATLOX2..LOX2"	"Chloroplast lipoxygenase required for wound-induced jasmonic acid accumulation in Arabidopsis.Mutants are resistant to Staphylococcus aureus and accumulate salicylic acid upon infection., Chloroplast lipoxygenase required for wound-induced jasmonic acid accumulation in Arabidopsis.Mutants are resistant to Staphylococcus aureus and accumulate salicylic acid upon infection."
"FAR4"	"Encodes a member of the eight-member gene family encoding alcohol-forming fatty acyl-CoA reductases (FARs) identified in Arabidopsis thaliana.  Three of the FARs, FAR1 (At5g22500), FAR4 (At3g44540) and FAR5 (At3g44550), are shown to generate the fatty alcohols found in root, seed coat, and wound-induced leaf tissue."
"FAR5"	"Encodes a member of the eight-member gene family encoding alcohol-forming fatty acyl-CoA reductases (FARs) identified in Arabidopsis thaliana.  Three of the FARs, FAR1 (At5g22500), FAR4 (At3g44540) and FAR5 (At3g44550), are shown to generate the fatty alcohols found in root, seed coat, and wound-induced leaf tissue."
"AtbZIP67..DPBF2"	"basic leucine zipper transcription factor (BZIP67), identical to basic leucine zipper transcription factor GI:18656053 from (Arabidopsis thaliana); identical to cDNA basic leucine zipper transcription factor (atbzip67 gene) GI:18656052.  Located in the nucleus and expressed during seed maturation in the cotyledons., basic leucine zipper transcription factor (BZIP67), identical to basic leucine zipper transcription factor GI:18656053 from (Arabidopsis thaliana); identical to cDNA basic leucine zipper transcription factor (atbzip67 gene) GI:18656052.  Located in the nucleus and expressed during seed maturation in the cotyledons."
"AtFBA2..FBA2"	"Protein is tyrosine-phosphorylated and its phosphorylation state is modulated in response to ABA in Arabidopsis thaliana seeds., Protein is tyrosine-phosphorylated and its phosphorylation state is modulated in response to ABA in Arabidopsis thaliana seeds."
"ATMYB4..MYB4"	"Encodes a R2R3 MYB protein which is involved in the response to UV-B.  It functions as a repressor of target gene expression.  One of its target genes encodes cinnamate 4-hydroxylase; mutants accumulate sinapate esters in their leaves. MYB4 binds to its own promoter and represses its own expression. Nuclear localization of MYB4 depends on the action of the beta importin SAD2., Encodes a R2R3 MYB protein which is involved in the response to UV-B.  It functions as a repressor of target gene expression.  One of its target genes encodes cinnamate 4-hydroxylase; mutants accumulate sinapate esters in their leaves. MYB4 binds to its own promoter and represses its own expression. Nuclear localization of MYB4 depends on the action of the beta importin SAD2."
"CYC1..CYCB1..CYCB1.1"	"Cyclin-dependent protein kinase CYCB1;1. Functions as an effector of growth control at G2/M. Regulated by TCP20., Cyclin-dependent protein kinase CYCB1;1. Functions as an effector of growth control at G2/M. Regulated by TCP20., Cyclin-dependent protein kinase CYCB1;1. Functions as an effector of growth control at G2/M. Regulated by TCP20."
"SGR7..SHR"	"Involved in radial organization of the root and shoot axial organs. Essential for normal shoot gravitropism. The protein moves in a highly specific manner from the cells of the stele in which it is synthesized outward. Movement requires sequences within the GRAS and VHIID domains., Involved in radial organization of the root and shoot axial organs. Essential for normal shoot gravitropism. The protein moves in a highly specific manner from the cells of the stele in which it is synthesized outward. Movement requires sequences within the GRAS and VHIID domains."
"ATMYB87..MYB87"	"encoded by the Myb-like transcription factor MYB87, regulates axillary meristem formation, expressed throughout the plant. Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., encoded by the Myb-like transcription factor MYB87, regulates axillary meristem formation, expressed throughout the plant. Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"ANAC076..NAC076..VND2"	"Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue., Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue., Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue."
"CYP84A1..FAH1"	"encodes ferulate 5-hydroxylase (F5H). Involved in lignin biosynthesis., encodes ferulate 5-hydroxylase (F5H). Involved in lignin biosynthesis."
"DRL1..TKPR1"	"Encodes DRL1 (Dihydroflavonol 4-reductase-like1), a closely related homolog of the rice anther-specific gene OsDFR2.  DRL1 may be involved in a metabolic pathway essential for pollen wall development and male fertility.  Mutant plants have impaired pollen formation and seed production., Encodes DRL1 (Dihydroflavonol 4-reductase-like1), a closely related homolog of the rice anther-specific gene OsDFR2.  DRL1 may be involved in a metabolic pathway essential for pollen wall development and male fertility.  Mutant plants have impaired pollen formation and seed production."
"GATA3"	"Encodes a member of the GATA factor family of zinc finger transcription factors."
"SQS2"	"Encodes a protein with similarity to squalene synthase which catalyzes the first committed step in sterol biosynthesis. To date no experimental evidence exists that SQS2 functions as a squalene synthase and some experiments indicate it does not have this function."
"ATHB.8..ATHB8..HB.8"	"member of homeodomain-leucine zipper family, acting as a differentiation-promoting transcription factor of the vascular meristems., member of homeodomain-leucine zipper family, acting as a differentiation-promoting transcription factor of the vascular meristems., member of homeodomain-leucine zipper family, acting as a differentiation-promoting transcription factor of the vascular meristems."
"ATCBL10..CBL10..SCABP8..ATCBL10..CBL10..SCABP8"	"Encodes a member of the calcineurin B-like calcium sensor gene family. Mediates salt tolerance by regulating ion homeostasis in Arabidopsis., Encodes a member of the calcineurin B-like calcium sensor gene family. Mediates salt tolerance by regulating ion homeostasis in Arabidopsis., Encodes a member of the calcineurin B-like calcium sensor gene family. Mediates salt tolerance by regulating ion homeostasis in Arabidopsis., Encodes a member of the calcineurin B-like calcium sensor gene family. Mediates salt tolerance by regulating ion homeostasis in Arabidopsis. In the shoot SCABP recruits the protein kinase SOS2 to the plasma membrane. SCABP is partially redundant with SOS3 but neither protein can fully complement the loss of the other protein., Encodes a member of the calcineurin B-like calcium sensor gene family. Mediates salt tolerance by regulating ion homeostasis in Arabidopsis. In the shoot SCABP recruits the protein kinase SOS2 to the plasma membrane. SCABP is partially redundant with SOS3 but neither protein can fully complement the loss of the other protein., Encodes a member of the calcineurin B-like calcium sensor gene family. Mediates salt tolerance by regulating ion homeostasis in Arabidopsis. In the shoot SCABP recruits the protein kinase SOS2 to the plasma membrane. SCABP is partially redundant with SOS3 but neither protein can fully complement the loss of the other protein."
"IAA29"	"Auxin inducible protein."
"CYP82C4"	"member of CYP82C"
"CYP82C3"	"member of CYP82C"
"GDU1"	"Glutamine dumper1 is a putative transmembrane protein. It is involved in glutamine secretion"
"CDEF1"	"Member of the GDSL lipase/esterase family of proteins that functions as cutinase. Expressed in pollen and at the zone of lateral root emergence."
"ATMND1"	"A homolog of yeast, mouse and human mnd1delta protein. Null mutants exhibit normal vegetative and flower development; however, during prophase I, chromosomes become fragmented resulting in random distribution of the fragments between polyads. Both male and female meiosis are defective and strong accumulation of AtRAD51 was observed in the inflorescence nuclei of mutant plants. Similarly to its yeast and animal homologues, AtMnd1 might play a role in DSB repair during meiosis."
"PSAE.1"	"mutant has Decreased effective quantum yield of photosystem II; Pale green plants; Reduced growth rate; Subunit E of Photosystem I"
"AtMYB41..MYB41"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family. Expression is induced in response to dessication, ABA and salt treatment. Overexpression of Myb41 results in abnormal cuticle development and decreased cell expansion., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family. Expression is induced in response to dessication, ABA and salt treatment. Overexpression of Myb41 results in abnormal cuticle development and decreased cell expansion."
"HSP21"	"chloroplast located small heat shock protein."
"ATOPT6..OPT6"	"oligopeptide transporter, oligopeptide transporter"
"FAD4..FADA"	"Encodes an unusual palmitate desaturase that is highly substrate specific. It introduces a delta-3 trans double bond at palmitate at the sn-2 position of phosphatidylglycerol., Encodes an unusual palmitate desaturase that is highly substrate specific. It introduces a delta-3 trans double bond at palmitate at the sn-2 position of phosphatidylglycerol."
"CBL7"	"Encodes calcineurin B-like protein 7 (CBL7)."
"TAR2"	"Encodes a protein with similarity to the TAA1 trytophan aminotransferase involved in IAA biosynthesis. Double mutant analyses suggest that this protein is involved in regulating many aspects of plant growth and development from embryogenesis to flower formation and plays a role in ethylene-mediated signaling."
"ATTLP1..TLP1"	"Root-specific expression activated in response to rhizobacteria and ACC. Role in induced systemic resistance., Root-specific expression activated in response to rhizobacteria and ACC. Role in induced systemic resistance."
"CRK18"	"Encodes a cysteine-rich receptor-like protein kinase."
"TET5"	"Member of TETRASPANIN family"
"APT3"	"Encodes an adenine phosphoribosyltransferase (APT; EC 2.4.2.7), which is a constitutively expressed enzyme involved in the one-step salvage of adenine to AMP. APT3 has higher affinity for zeatin, isopentenyladenine and benzyladenine than APT1 but lower Vmax than APT1."
"ENDO3"	"Encodes a putative endonuclease but no demonstrable endonuclease activity, either towards single stranded DNA or mismatches, has been seen in vitro. Activated by AGAMOUS in a cal-1, ap1-1 background. Expressed in the floral meristem and during stamen development."
"ARK3..RK3"	"encodes a putative receptor-like serine/threonine protein kinases that is similar to Brassica self-incompatibility (S) locus. Expressed in root. Shoot expression limited to limited to the root-hypocotyl transition zone and at the base of lateral roots as well as in axillary buds, and pedicels., encodes a putative receptor-like serine/threonine protein kinases that is similar to Brassica self-incompatibility (S) locus. Expressed in root. Shoot expression limited to limited to the root-hypocotyl transition zone and at the base of lateral roots as well as in axillary buds, and pedicels."
"ATGA2OX8..GA2OX8"	"Encodes a protein with gibberellin 2-oxidase activity which acts specifically on C-20 gibberellins., Encodes a protein with gibberellin 2-oxidase activity which acts specifically on C-20 gibberellins."
"ATRP1..RP1"	"Encodes a PPDK regulatory protein that has both protein kinase and protein phosphatase activities towards PPDK (pyruvate orthophosphate dikinase)., Encodes a PPDK regulatory protein that has both protein kinase and protein phosphatase activities towards PPDK (pyruvate orthophosphate dikinase)."
"GSO1"	"Encodes GASSHO1 (GSO1), a putative leucine-rich repeat transmembrane-type receptor kinase.  GSO1 and a homolog GSO2 (At5g44700) are required for the formation of a normal epidermal surface during embryogenesis."
"BAM3"	"Encodes a CLAVATA1-related receptor kinase-like protein required for both shoot and flower meristem function.  It has a broad expression pattern and is involved in vascular strand development in the leaf, control of leaf shape, size and symmetry, male gametophyte development and ovule specification and function."
"ATIRT1..IRT1"	"Fe(II) transport protein (IRT1), Fe(II) transport protein (IRT1)"
"ATCESA8..CESA8..IRX1..LEW2"	"Encodes a member of the cellulose synthase family involved in secondary cell wall biosynthesis. Mutants have abnormal xylem formation, reduced cellulose content, and enhanced drought and osmotic stress tolerance.  Mediates resistance towards bacterial pathogens via ABA. Confers resistance towards bacterial and fungal pathogens, independent of salicylic acid, ethylene and jasmonate signaling., Encodes a member of the cellulose synthase family involved in secondary cell wall biosynthesis. Mutants have abnormal xylem formation, reduced cellulose content, and enhanced drought and osmotic stress tolerance.  Mediates resistance towards bacterial pathogens via ABA. Confers resistance towards bacterial and fungal pathogens, independent of salicylic acid, ethylene and jasmonate signaling., Encodes a member of the cellulose synthase family involved in secondary cell wall biosynthesis. Mutants have abnormal xylem formation, reduced cellulose content, and enhanced drought and osmotic stress tolerance.  Mediates resistance towards bacterial pathogens via ABA. Confers resistance towards bacterial and fungal pathogens, independent of salicylic acid, ethylene and jasmonate signaling., Encodes a member of the cellulose synthase family involved in secondary cell wall biosynthesis. Mutants have abnormal xylem formation, reduced cellulose content, and enhanced drought and osmotic stress tolerance.  Mediates resistance towards bacterial pathogens via ABA. Confers resistance towards bacterial and fungal pathogens, independent of salicylic acid, ethylene and jasmonate signaling."
"CLE2"	"CLE2, putative ligand, member of large gene family homologous to Clavata3"
"ATNCED2..NCED2"	"Encodes 9-<i>cis</i>-epoxycarotenoid dioxygenase, a key enzyme in the biosynthesis of abscisic acid. The expression of this gene declines during the first 12h of imbibition., Encodes 9-<i>cis</i>-epoxycarotenoid dioxygenase, a key enzyme in the biosynthesis of abscisic acid. The expression of this gene declines during the first 12h of imbibition."
"X5PTASE2..AT5PTASE2..IP5PII"	"Encodes an inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase that appears to have Type I activity. It can dephosphorylate IP3(inositol(1,4,5)P3) and IP4 (inositol(1,3,4,5)P4), but it does not appear to be active against phosphatidylinositol 4,5 bisphosphate. Overexpression of this gene renders plants insensitive to ABA in germination and growth assays., Encodes an inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase that appears to have Type I activity. It can dephosphorylate IP3(inositol(1,4,5)P3) and IP4 (inositol(1,3,4,5)P4), but it does not appear to be active against phosphatidylinositol 4,5 bisphosphate. Overexpression of this gene renders plants insensitive to ABA in germination and growth assays., Encodes an inositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase that appears to have Type I activity. It can dephosphorylate IP3(inositol(1,4,5)P3) and IP4 (inositol(1,3,4,5)P4), but it does not appear to be active against phosphatidylinositol 4,5 bisphosphate. Overexpression of this gene renders plants insensitive to ABA in germination and growth assays."
"AtMYB79..MYB79"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"PSAL"	"Encodes subunit L of photosystem I reaction center."
"EARLI1..pEARLI"	"a putative lipid transfer protein, vernalization-responsive and cold-induced, a putative lipid transfer protein, vernalization-responsive and cold-induced"
"AZI1"	"Encodes AZI1 (AZELAIC ACID INDUCED 1).  Involved in the priming of salicylic acid induction and systemic immunity triggered by pathogen or azelaic acid."
"PGRL1B"	"Encodes PGRL1B, a transmembrane protein present in thylakoids.  PGRL1B has a highly homologous isoform PGRL1A encoded by At4g22890. Plants lacking PGRL1 show perturbation of cyclic electron flow, similar to PGR5-deficient plants. PGRL1 and PGR5 interact physically and associate with PSI (photosystem I)."
"ATOSM34..OSM34"	"osmotin-like protein, osmotin-like protein"
"CRK32"	"Encodes a cysteine-rich receptor-like protein kinase."
"LHCB5"	"photosystem II encoding the light-harvesting chlorophyll a/b binding protein CP26 of the antenna system of the photosynthetic apparatus"
"ATSPS4F"	"Encodes a protein with putative sucrose-phosphate synthase activity."
"GASA3"	"One of GASA gene family which is related to a GA-stimulated transcript (GAST) from tomato."
"SULTR1.1"	"Encodes a sulfate transporter. Contains STAS domain. Expressed in roots and guard cells. Up-regulated by sulfur deficiency."
"ACS11"	"encodes an aminotransferase that belongs to ACC synthase gene family structurally"
"PSBQ..PSBQ.2..PSII.Q"	"Encodes the PsbQ subunit of the oxygen evolving complex of photosystem II., Encodes the PsbQ subunit of the oxygen evolving complex of photosystem II., Encodes the PsbQ subunit of the oxygen evolving complex of photosystem II."
"CRK25"	"Encodes a cysteine-rich receptor-like protein kinase."
"ATCPK23..CPK23"	"member of Calcium Dependent Protein Kinase, member of Calcium Dependent Protein Kinase"
"XTH9"	"encodes a member of xyloglucan endotransglucosylase/hydrolases (XTHs) that catalyze the cleavage and molecular grafting of xyloglucan chains function in loosening and rearrangement of the cell wall. Gene is expressed in shoot apex region, flower buds, flower stalks and internodes bearing flowers."
"PETC..PGR1"	"Encodes the Rieske FeS center of cytochrome b6f complex. Gene is expressed in shoot but not in root. Mutant has reduced electron transport at saturating light intensities and Q-cycle activity is hypersensitive to acidification of the thylakoid lumen., Encodes the Rieske FeS center of cytochrome b6f complex. Gene is expressed in shoot but not in root. Mutant has reduced electron transport at saturating light intensities and Q-cycle activity is hypersensitive to acidification of the thylakoid lumen."
"AOP..AOP1..AOP1.1"	"Encodes a possible 2-oxoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase that is involved in glucosinolate biosynthesis. The gene is expressed in all ecotypes examined but the enzymatic activity has not been determined experimentally.  In Col, there is one copy of this gene (aka AOP1.1) but Ler contains two copies, AOP1.1 and a tightly linked AOP1.2., Encodes a possible 2-oxoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase that is involved in glucosinolate biosynthesis. The gene is expressed in all ecotypes examined but the enzymatic activity has not been determined experimentally.  In Col, there is one copy of this gene (aka AOP1.1) but Ler contains two copies, AOP1.1 and a tightly linked AOP1.2., Encodes a possible 2-oxoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase that is involved in glucosinolate biosynthesis. The gene is expressed in all ecotypes examined but the enzymatic activity has not been determined experimentally.  In Col, there is one copy of this gene (aka AOP1.1) but Ler contains two copies, AOP1.1 and a tightly linked AOP1.2."
"ATCNGC13..CNGC13"	"member of Cyclic nucleotide gated channel family, member of Cyclic nucleotide gated channel family"
"JLO..LBD30"	"Encodes a protein containing a LOB domain that is expressed in embryos, flower primordium and lateral floral organ boundaries. Overexpression is correlated with activation of STM and KNAT1 and down regulation of PIN1 and reduced auxin transport levels. Ectopic expression in plants results in premature termination of the shoot apical meristem and small, lobed leaves., Encodes a protein containing a LOB domain that is expressed in embryos, flower primordium and lateral floral organ boundaries. Overexpression is correlated with activation of STM and KNAT1 and down regulation of PIN1 and reduced auxin transport levels. Ectopic expression in plants results in premature termination of the shoot apical meristem and small, lobed leaves."
"CER60..KCS5"	"Encodes KCS5, a member of the 3-ketoacyl-CoA synthase family involved in the biosynthesis of VLCFA (very long chain fatty acids)., Encodes KCS5, a member of the 3-ketoacyl-CoA synthase family involved in the biosynthesis of VLCFA (very long chain fatty acids)."
"ATSOT17..ATST5C..SOT17"	"encodes a desulfoglucosinolate sulfotransferase, involved in the final step of glucosinolate core structure biosynthesis. Has a broad-substrate specificity with preference with methionine-derived desulfoglucosinolates., encodes a desulfoglucosinolate sulfotransferase, involved in the final step of glucosinolate core structure biosynthesis. Has a broad-substrate specificity with preference with methionine-derived desulfoglucosinolates., encodes a desulfoglucosinolate sulfotransferase, involved in the final step of glucosinolate core structure biosynthesis. Has a broad-substrate specificity with preference with methionine-derived desulfoglucosinolates."
"ATCLH1..ATHCOR1..CLH1..CORI1"	"Chlorophyllase is the first enzyme involved in chlorophyll degradation. It catalyzes the hydrolysis of the ester bond to yield chlorophyllide and phytol. AtCLH1 lacks a typical signal sequence for the chloroplast.  Its expression is induced rapidly by methyljasmonate, a known promoter of senescence and chlorophyll degradation., Chlorophyllase is the first enzyme involved in chlorophyll degradation. It catalyzes the hydrolysis of the ester bond to yield chlorophyllide and phytol. AtCLH1 lacks a typical signal sequence for the chloroplast.  Its expression is induced rapidly by methyljasmonate, a known promoter of senescence and chlorophyll degradation., Chlorophyllase is the first enzyme involved in chlorophyll degradation. It catalyzes the hydrolysis of the ester bond to yield chlorophyllide and phytol. AtCLH1 lacks a typical signal sequence for the chloroplast.  Its expression is induced rapidly by methyljasmonate, a known promoter of senescence and chlorophyll degradation., Chlorophyllase is the first enzyme involved in chlorophyll degradation. It catalyzes the hydrolysis of the ester bond to yield chlorophyllide and phytol. AtCLH1 lacks a typical signal sequence for the chloroplast.  Its expression is induced rapidly by methyljasmonate, a known promoter of senescence and chlorophyll degradation."
"AtCLO3..CLO.3..CLO3..RD20"	"Encodes a calcium binding protein whose mRNA is induced upon treatment with NaCl, ABA and in response to dessication.  mRNA expression under drought conditions is apparent particularly in leaves and flowers. Isoform of caleosin with a role as a peroxygenase involved in oxylipin metabolism during biotic and abiotic stress., Encodes a calcium binding protein whose mRNA is induced upon treatment with NaCl, ABA and in response to dessication.  mRNA expression under drought conditions is apparent particularly in leaves and flowers. Isoform of caleosin with a role as a peroxygenase involved in oxylipin metabolism during biotic and abiotic stress., Encodes a calcium binding protein whose mRNA is induced upon treatment with NaCl, ABA and in response to dessication.  mRNA expression under drought conditions is apparent particularly in leaves and flowers. Isoform of caleosin with a role as a peroxygenase involved in oxylipin metabolism during biotic and abiotic stress., Encodes a calcium binding protein whose mRNA is induced upon treatment with NaCl, ABA and in response to dessication.  mRNA expression under drought conditions is apparent particularly in leaves and flowers. Isoform of caleosin with a role as a peroxygenase involved in oxylipin metabolism during biotic and abiotic stress."
"ATMYB52..BW52..MYB52"	"putative transcription factor: R2R3-MYB transcription family, putative transcription factor: R2R3-MYB transcription family, putative transcription factor: R2R3-MYB transcription family"
"ATWRKY71..WRKY71"	"member of WRKY Transcription Factor; Group II-c, member of WRKY Transcription Factor; Group II-c"
"FMO1"	"FMO1 is required for full expression of TIR-NB-LRRconditioned resistance to avirulent pathogens and for basal resistance to invasive virulent pathogens. Functions in an EDS1-regulated but SA-independent mechanism that promotes resistance and cell death at pathogen infection sites."
"ATNDI1..NDA1"	"Internal NAD(P)H dehydrogenase in mitochondria. The predicted protein sequence has high homology with other designated NAD(P)H DHs from microorganisms; the capacity for matrix NAD(P)H oxidation via the rotenone-insensitive pathway is significantly reduced in the Atndi1 mutant plant line; the in vitro translation product of AtNDI1 is imported into isolated mitochondria and located on the inside of the inner membrane., Internal NAD(P)H dehydrogenase in mitochondria. The predicted protein sequence has high homology with other designated NAD(P)H DHs from microorganisms; the capacity for matrix NAD(P)H oxidation via the rotenone-insensitive pathway is significantly reduced in the Atndi1 mutant plant line; the in vitro translation product of AtNDI1 is imported into isolated mitochondria and located on the inside of the inner membrane."
"ATLAC1..LAC1"	"putative laccase, a member of laccase family of genes (with 17 members in Arabidopsis)., putative laccase, a member of laccase family of genes (with 17 members in Arabidopsis)."
"AtcwINV3..ATFRUCT5..FRUCT5"	"Encodes a protein with fructan exohydrolase (FEH) activity acting on levan-type fructans (6-FEH, levanase). The enzyme does not have invertase activity., Encodes a protein with fructan exohydrolase (FEH) activity acting on levan-type fructans (6-FEH, levanase). The enzyme does not have invertase activity., Encodes a protein with fructan exohydrolase (FEH) activity acting on levan-type fructans (6-FEH, levanase). The enzyme does not have invertase activity."
"AtMYB83..MYB83"	"Encodes a putative R2R3-type MYB transcription factor (MYB83)., Encodes a putative R2R3-type MYB transcription factor (MYB83)."
"ATEXO70G2..EXO70G2"	"A member of EXO70 gene family, putative exocyst subunits, conserved in land plants. Arabidopsis thaliana contains 23 putative EXO70 genes, which can be classified into eight clusters on the phylogenetic tree., A member of EXO70 gene family, putative exocyst subunits, conserved in land plants. Arabidopsis thaliana contains 23 putative EXO70 genes, which can be classified into eight clusters on the phylogenetic tree."
"TET6"	"Member of TETRASPANIN family"
"ATWRKY67..WRKY67"	"member of WRKY Transcription Factor; Group III, member of WRKY Transcription Factor; Group III"
"ATMES11..MES11"	"Encodes a protein predicted to act as a carboxylesterase. It has similarity to the SABP2 methyl salicylate esterase from tobacco. This protein does not act on methyl IAA, methyl JA, MeSA, MeGA4, or MEGA9 in vitro., Encodes a protein predicted to act as a carboxylesterase. It has similarity to the SABP2 methyl salicylate esterase from tobacco. This protein does not act on methyl IAA, methyl JA, MeSA, MeGA4, or MEGA9 in vitro."
"ATCLC.B..CLC.B"	"member of Anion channel protein family, member of Anion channel protein family"
"PCC1"	"Encodes a member of a novel 6 member Arabidopsis gene family.  Expression of PCC1 is regulated by the circadian clock and is upregulated in response to both virulent and avirulent strains of Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato."
"ABCE1..ATRLI1..RLI1"	"member of RLI subfamily, member of RLI subfamily, member of RLI subfamily"
"CYP90D1"	"Encodes a cytochrome P-450 gene that is involved in brassinosteroid biosynthesis, most likely in the conversion step of teasterone (TE) to 3-dehydroteasterone (3DT), and/or 6-deoxoteasterone (6-deoxoTE) to 6-deoxo-3-dehydroteasterone (6-deoxo3DT); or the conversion of cathasterone (CT) to TE, and/or 6-deoxocathasterone (6-deoxoCT) to 6-deoxoTE. Recently, CYP90D1 was shown to catalyse the C-23 hydroxylation of several brassinosteroids (the enzyme has a broad specificity for 22-hydroxylated substrates). Member of the CYP90C CYP450 family. Similar to Cytochrome P450 90C1 (ROT3)."
"CYP705A32"	"member of CYP705A"
"CWLP"	"cell wall-plasma membrane linker protein homolog (CWLP)"
"CYP71B34"	"putative cytochrome P450"
"CYP71B37"	"putative cytochrome P450"
"PSBTN"	"Encodes photosystem II 5 kD protein subunit PSII-T. This is a nuclear-encoded gene (PsbTn) which also has a plastid-encoded paralog (PsbTc)."
"ESM1"	"A semidominant QTL which has an epistatic effect on the Epithiospecifier gene. Represses nitrile formation and favors isothiocyanate production during glucosinolate hydrolysis. The functional allele deters the insect herbivory T. ni."
"ATMT3..MT3"	"metallothionein, binds to and detoxifies excess copper and other metals, limiting oxidative damage, metallothionein, binds to and detoxifies excess copper and other metals, limiting oxidative damage"
"CYP705A23"	"member of CYP705A"
"CYP705A20"	"member of CYP705A"
"ATMYB71..MYB305"	"snapdragon myb protein 305 homolog (myb), snapdragon myb protein 305 homolog (myb)"
"DEG11..DegP11"	"Encodes a putative DegP protease., Encodes a putative DegP protease."
"MEL4..NPY4"	"A member of the NPY gene family (NPY1/AT4G31820, NPY2/AT2G14820, NPY3/AT5G67440, NPY4/AT2G23050, NPY5/AT4G37590).  Involved in auxin-mediated organogenesis., A member of the NPY gene family (NPY1/AT4G31820, NPY2/AT2G14820, NPY3/AT5G67440, NPY4/AT2G23050, NPY5/AT4G37590).  Involved in auxin-mediated organogenesis."
"ALMT1..ATALMT1"	"Encodes a Al-activated malate efflux transporter. Is essential for aluminum tolerance but does not represent the major Al tolerance QTL. Staurosporine and calyculin A both block all changes  in AtALMT1 gene expression (as a result malate release  is totally inhibited)., Encodes a Al-activated malate efflux transporter. Is essential for aluminum tolerance but does not represent the major Al tolerance QTL. Staurosporine and calyculin A both block all changes  in AtALMT1 gene expression (as a result malate release  is totally inhibited)."
"CYP71B23"	"putative cytochrome P450"
"ATAIG1..BHLH32..TMO5"	"Encodes a basic helixloophelix transcription factor that  is expressed in the hypophysis-adjacent embryo cells, and is  required and partially sufficient for MP-dependent root initiation. Involved in response to phosphate starvation. Negative regulator of root hair development, anthocyanin formation  and Pi content., Encodes a basic helixloophelix transcription factor that  is expressed in the hypophysis-adjacent embryo cells, and is  required and partially sufficient for MP-dependent root initiation. Involved in response to phosphate starvation. Negative regulator of root hair development, anthocyanin formation  and Pi content., Encodes a basic helixloophelix transcription factor that  is expressed in the hypophysis-adjacent embryo cells, and is  required and partially sufficient for MP-dependent root initiation. Involved in response to phosphate starvation. Negative regulator of root hair development, anthocyanin formation  and Pi content."
"MEF22"	"Encodes a pentatricopeptide repeat protein (PPR) protein involved in mitochondrial mRNA editing."
"GUX1..PGSIP1"	"Plants expressing an RNAi construct specifically targeting PGSIP1 was shown to have a dramatically reduced amount of starch., Plants expressing an RNAi construct specifically targeting PGSIP1 was shown to have a dramatically reduced amount of starch."
"ATMYB15..ATY19..MYB15"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"NDF4..PnsB3"	"encodes a novel subunit of the chloroplast NAD(P)H dehydrogenase complex, involved in cyclic electron flow around photosystem I to produce ATP. Contains a 4Fe-4S cluster., encodes a novel subunit of the chloroplast NAD(P)H dehydrogenase complex, involved in cyclic electron flow around photosystem I to produce ATP. Contains a 4Fe-4S cluster."
"CYP72A11"	"putative cytochrome P450"
"PIFI"	"Encodes a chloroplast-targeted protein localized in the stroma that is a novel component essential for NDH-mediated non-photochemical reduction of the plastoquinone pool in chlororespiratory electron transport."
"CYP71B15..PAD3"	"Mutations in pad3 are defective in biosynthesis of the indole derived phytoalexin camalexin. Encodes a cytochrome P450 enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of dihydrocamalexic acid to camalexin., Mutations in pad3 are defective in biosynthesis of the indole derived phytoalexin camalexin. Encodes a cytochrome P450 enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of dihydrocamalexic acid to camalexin."
"ATPHO1..PHO1"	"mutant is deficient in the transfer of phosphate from root epidermal and cortical cells to the xylem. encodes protein with the mainly hydrophilic N-terminal and the C-terminal containing 6 potential membrane-spanning domains., mutant is deficient in the transfer of phosphate from root epidermal and cortical cells to the xylem. encodes protein with the mainly hydrophilic N-terminal and the C-terminal containing 6 potential membrane-spanning domains."
"IAA31"	"Encodes a member of the Aux/IAA family of proteins implicated in auxin signaling. IAA31 shares several residues with the conserved domain II region, believed to act as a degron in many of the rapidly degraded Aux/IAA family members. An IAA31 fusion protein is quite long-lived, but can be degraded more rapidly in the presence of auxin. Unlike many other family members, IAA31 transcript levels do not rise in response to auxin. Nevertheless, overexpression of IAA31 leads to defects in auxin-related processes such as  gravitropism, root development, shoot development, and cotyledon vascular development."
"ATWNK2..WNK2..ZIK3"	"Encodes a member of the WNK family (9 members in all) of protein kinases, the structural design of which is clearly distinct from those of other known protein kinases, such as receptor-like kinases and mitogen-activated protein kinases.  Its transcription is under the control of circadian rhythms., Encodes a member of the WNK family (9 members in all) of protein kinases, the structural design of which is clearly distinct from those of other known protein kinases, such as receptor-like kinases and mitogen-activated protein kinases.  Its transcription is under the control of circadian rhythms., Encodes a member of the WNK family (9 members in all) of protein kinases, the structural design of which is clearly distinct from those of other known protein kinases, such as receptor-like kinases and mitogen-activated protein kinases.  Its transcription is under the control of circadian rhythms."
"THA2"	"Encodes a threonine aldolase, involved in threonine degradation to glycine. Expressed in vascular tissue through out the plant."
"AtMYB107..MYB107"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB107)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB107)."
"SKOR"	"Encodes SKOR, a member of Shaker family potassium ion (K+) channel.  This family includes five groups based on phylogenetic analysis (FEBS Letters (2007) 581: 2357): I (inward rectifying channel): AKT1 (AT2G26650), AKT5 (AT4G32500) and SPIK (also known as AKT6, AT2G25600); II (inward rectifying channel): KAT1 (AT5G46240) and KAT2 (AT4G18290); III (weakly inward rectifying channel): AKT2 (AT4G22200); IV (regulatory subunit involved in inwardly rectifying conductance formation): KAT3 (also known as AtKC1, AT4G32650); V (outward rectifying channel): SKOR (AT3G02850) and GORK (AT5G37500).  Mediates the delivery of K+ from stelar cells to the xylem in the roots towards the shoot. mRNA accumulation is modulated by abscisic acid. K+ gating activity is modulated by external and internal K+."
"QRT2"	"Required for pollen separation during normal development. In qrt mutants, the outer walls of the four meiotic products of the pollen mother cell are fused, and pollen grains are released in tetrads.May be required for cell type-specific pectin degradation."
"APX1B..APX2"	"Encodes a cytosolic ascorbate peroxidase APX2.  Ascorbate peroxidases are enzymes that scavenge hydrogen peroxide in plant cells.  Eight types of APX have been described for Arabidopsis: three cytosolic (APX1, APX2, APX6), two chloroplastic types (stromal sAPX, thylakoid tAPX), and three microsomal (APX3, APX4, APX5) isoforms., Encodes a cytosolic ascorbate peroxidase APX2.  Ascorbate peroxidases are enzymes that scavenge hydrogen peroxide in plant cells.  Eight types of APX have been described for Arabidopsis: three cytosolic (APX1, APX2, APX6), two chloroplastic types (stromal sAPX, thylakoid tAPX), and three microsomal (APX3, APX4, APX5) isoforms."
"ATEXO70H4..EXO70H4"	"A member of EXO70 gene family, putative exocyst subunits, conserved in land plants. Arabidopsis thaliana contains 23 putative EXO70 genes, which can be classified into eight clusters on the phylogenetic tree., A member of EXO70 gene family, putative exocyst subunits, conserved in land plants. Arabidopsis thaliana contains 23 putative EXO70 genes, which can be classified into eight clusters on the phylogenetic tree."
"AGP27..ATAGP27"	"Encodes an arabinogalactan-protein (AGP27)., Encodes an arabinogalactan-protein (AGP27)."
"DML2"	"Encodes a protein with DNA glycosylase activity that is involved in maintaining methylation marks."
"ACR6"	"Member of a small family of ACT domain containing proteins in Arabidopsis. ACT domains are involved in amino acid binding."
"PYD4"	"Encodes a protein that is predicted to have beta-alanine aminotransferase activity."
"LHCB4.2"	"Lhcb4.2 protein (Lhcb4.2, protein involved in the light harvesting complex of photosystem II"
"AGD11..AtCML3..CML3"	"A member of ARF GAP domain (AGD), A thaliana has 15 members, grouped into four classes., A member of ARF GAP domain (AGD), A thaliana has 15 members, grouped into four classes., A member of ARF GAP domain (AGD), A thaliana has 15 members, grouped into four classes."
"ATGPAT5..GPAT5"	"Encodes a protein with glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase activity, involved in the biosynthesis of suberin polyester., Encodes a protein with glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase activity, involved in the biosynthesis of suberin polyester."
"AHP4"	"Encodes AHP4, a histidine-containing phosphotransmitter involved in Histidine (His)-to-Aspartate (Asp) phosphorelay signal transduction. AHP4 is one of the six Arabidopsis thaliana histidine phosphotransfer proteins (AHPs).  AHPs function as redundant positive regulators of cytokinin signaling.  Members of the AHP gene family include: AT3G21510 (AHP1), AT3G29350 (AHP2), AT5G39340 (AHP3), AT3G16360 (AHP4), AT1G03430 (AHP5) and AT1G80100 (AHP6)."
"JAL35..JR1"	"JA-responsive gene, JA-responsive gene"
"ATST4B..ST4B"	"Encodes a sulfotransferase. Unlike the related ST4A protein (At2g14920), in vitro experiements show that this enzyme does not act brassinosteroids. ST4B is expressed in the roots and transcript levels rise in response to cytokinin treatment., Encodes a sulfotransferase. Unlike the related ST4A protein (At2g14920), in vitro experiements show that this enzyme does not act brassinosteroids. ST4B is expressed in the roots and transcript levels rise in response to cytokinin treatment."
"CYP86A4"	"Encodes a member of the CYP86A subfamily of cytochrome p450 genes. Expressed significantly at highest level in mature stems and flowers."
"ATGPAT4..GPAT4"	"Encodes a protein with glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase activity. Involved in cutin assembly. Is functional redundant of GPAT8., Encodes a protein with glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase activity. Involved in cutin assembly. Is functional redundant of GPAT8."
"GLP4"	"Encodes a germin-like protein with possible oxalate oxidase activity (based on GenBank record)."
"CP24..LHCB6"	"Lhcb6 protein (Lhcb6), light harvesting complex of photosystem II., Lhcb6 protein (Lhcb6), light harvesting complex of photosystem II."
"AtTSA1..TSA1"	"Contains a novel calcium-binding repeat sequence.  Binds TSK in vitro.  Localizes to small cytoplasmic vesicles in interphase cells.  In cells synchronized for cell division, TSA1 and TSK relocalize to ends of spindle microtubules that are ahead of separating chromatids during metaphase and anaphase of mitosis.  May be involved in mitosis together with TSK. Expressed preferentially in the flower and shoot apex.  Can form multimers., Contains a novel calcium-binding repeat sequence.  Binds TSK in vitro.  Localizes to small cytoplasmic vesicles in interphase cells.  In cells synchronized for cell division, TSA1 and TSK relocalize to ends of spindle microtubules that are ahead of separating chromatids during metaphase and anaphase of mitosis.  May be involved in mitosis together with TSK. Expressed preferentially in the flower and shoot apex.  Can form multimers."
"GAPB"	"Encodes chloroplast localized glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase that can use both NADH and NADPH to reduce 1,3-diphosphate glycerate. It forms A2B2 heterotetramers with GapA forms of the GADPH enzyme. These complexes are active in the light under reducing conditions, but show reduced NADPH-dependent activity in response to oxidized thioredoxins and increased NAD(H)/NADP(H) ratios due to the formation of inactive A8B8 hexadecamers."
"ATNAS4..NAS4"	"Encodes a protein with nicotianamine synthase activity., Encodes a protein with nicotianamine synthase activity."
"ATBG1..BGL1..BGLU18"	"encodes a member of glycosyl hydrolase family 1, located in inducible ER bodies which were formed after wounding, required in inducible ER body formation, encodes a member of glycosyl hydrolase family 1, located in inducible ER bodies which were formed after wounding, required in inducible ER body formation, encodes a member of glycosyl hydrolase family 1, located in inducible ER bodies which were formed after wounding, required in inducible ER body formation"
"PLDALPHA4..PLDEPSILON"	"member of C2-PLD. subfamily Represents a phospholipase D (PLD) gene with four exons, hence it is a member of the alpha class.  Its amino acid sequence is quite different from other PLDs, therefore it might possess unique structural and/or catalytic properties., member of C2-PLD. subfamily Represents a phospholipase D (PLD) gene with four exons, hence it is a member of the alpha class.  Its amino acid sequence is quite different from other PLDs, therefore it might possess unique structural and/or catalytic properties."
"LAX3"	"Encodes an auxin influx carrier LAX3 (Like Aux1) that promotes lateral root emergence.  Auxin-induced expression of LAX3 in turn induces a selection of cell-wall-remodelling enzymes, which are likely to promote cell separation in advance of developing lateral root primordia."
"UGE3"	"Encodes a protein with UDP-D-glucose 4-epimerase activity. Involved in pollen development."
"AtMYB20..MYB20"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB20)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB20)."
"ATGA2OX2..GA2OX2"	"Encodes a gibberellin 2-oxidase that acts on C-19 gibberellins. AtGA2OX2 expression is responsive to cytokinin and KNOX activities., Encodes a gibberellin 2-oxidase that acts on C-19 gibberellins. AtGA2OX2 expression is responsive to cytokinin and KNOX activities."
"ATTPPB..TPPB"	"homologous to the C-terminal part of microbial trehalose-6-phosphate phosphatases, homologous to the C-terminal part of microbial trehalose-6-phosphate phosphatases"
"ATSUC1..SUC1"	"Sucrose transporter gene induced in response to nematodes; member of Sucrose-proton symporter family., Sucrose transporter gene induced in response to nematodes; member of Sucrose-proton symporter family."
"ABCG25..ATABCG25"	"Encodes a plasma membrane localized ABC transporter involved in abscisic acid transport and responses., Encodes a plasma membrane localized ABC transporter involved in abscisic acid transport and responses."
"IAA6..SHY1"	"An extragenic dominant suppressor of the hy2 mutant phenotype. Also exhibits aspects of constitutive photomorphogenetic phenotype in the absence of hy2. Mutants have dominant leaf curling phenotype shortened hypocotyls and reduced apical hook. Induced by indole-3-acetic acid., An extragenic dominant suppressor of the hy2 mutant phenotype. Also exhibits aspects of constitutive photomorphogenetic phenotype in the absence of hy2. Mutants have dominant leaf curling phenotype shortened hypocotyls and reduced apical hook. Induced by indole-3-acetic acid."
"ATROPGEF12..MEE64..ROPGEF12"	"Encodes a member of KPP-like gene family, homolog of KPP (kinase partner protein) gene in tomato.  Also a member of the RopGEF (guanine nucleotide exchange factor) family, containing the novel PRONE domain (plant-specific Rop nucleotide exchanger), which is exclusively active towards members of the Rop subfamily. Coexpression of AtPRK2a with AtRopGEF12 resulted in isotropic pollen tube growth  Growth., Encodes a member of KPP-like gene family, homolog of KPP (kinase partner protein) gene in tomato.  Also a member of the RopGEF (guanine nucleotide exchange factor) family, containing the novel PRONE domain (plant-specific Rop nucleotide exchanger), which is exclusively active towards members of the Rop subfamily. Coexpression of AtPRK2a with AtRopGEF12 resulted in isotropic pollen tube growth  Growth., Encodes a member of KPP-like gene family, homolog of KPP (kinase partner protein) gene in tomato.  Also a member of the RopGEF (guanine nucleotide exchange factor) family, containing the novel PRONE domain (plant-specific Rop nucleotide exchanger), which is exclusively active towards members of the Rop subfamily. Coexpression of AtPRK2a with AtRopGEF12 resulted in isotropic pollen tube growth  Growth."
"ANAC030..VND7"	"Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor with transcriptional activation activity that is involved in xylem formation. Induces transdifferentiation of various cells into protoxylem vessel elements. Located in the nucleus. Expression induced in the presence of auxin, cytokinin and brassinosteroids., Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor with transcriptional activation activity that is involved in xylem formation. Induces transdifferentiation of various cells into protoxylem vessel elements. Located in the nucleus. Expression induced in the presence of auxin, cytokinin and brassinosteroids."
"ATMYB31..ATY13..MYB31"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"ATMYB95..ATMYBCP66..MYB95"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB95)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB95)., Encodes a putative transcription factor (MYB95)."
"AtEGL3..ATMYC.2..EGL1..EGL3"	"Mutant has reduced trichomes, anthocyanin, and seed coat mucilage and abnormally patterned stomates. Encodes a bHLH Transcription Factor 1. The protein is functionally redundant with GL3 and TT8 and interacts with TTG1, the myb proteins GL1, PAP1 and 2, CPC and TRY, and it will form heterodimers with GL3. Expression in N (non-hair cell forming) cell layers is negatively regulated by WER. Expression in H cells (hair cell forming) is promoted by CPC/TRY., Mutant has reduced trichomes, anthocyanin, and seed coat mucilage and abnormally patterned stomates. Encodes a bHLH Transcription Factor 1. The protein is functionally redundant with GL3 and TT8 and interacts with TTG1, the myb proteins GL1, PAP1 and 2, CPC and TRY, and it will form heterodimers with GL3. Expression in N (non-hair cell forming) cell layers is negatively regulated by WER. Expression in H cells (hair cell forming) is promoted by CPC/TRY., Mutant has reduced trichomes, anthocyanin, and seed coat mucilage and abnormally patterned stomates. Encodes a bHLH Transcription Factor 1. The protein is functionally redundant with GL3 and TT8 and interacts with TTG1, the myb proteins GL1, PAP1 and 2, CPC and TRY, and it will form heterodimers with GL3. Expression in N (non-hair cell forming) cell layers is negatively regulated by WER. Expression in H cells (hair cell forming) is promoted by CPC/TRY., Mutant has reduced trichomes, anthocyanin, and seed coat mucilage and abnormally patterned stomates. Encodes a bHLH Transcription Factor 1. The protein is functionally redundant with GL3 and TT8 and interacts with TTG1, the myb proteins GL1, PAP1 and 2, CPC and TRY, and it will form heterodimers with GL3. Expression in N (non-hair cell forming) cell layers is negatively regulated by WER. Expression in H cells (hair cell forming) is promoted by CPC/TRY."
"APG13..ATMURE..MURE..PDE316"	"Encodes AtMurE, a homolog of the bacterial MurE that catalyze the ATP-dependent formation of UDP-N-acetylmuramic acid-tripeptide in bacterial peptidoglycan biosynthesis.  Localized to plastids.  AtMurE is involved in chloroplast biogenesis., Encodes AtMurE, a homolog of the bacterial MurE that catalyze the ATP-dependent formation of UDP-N-acetylmuramic acid-tripeptide in bacterial peptidoglycan biosynthesis.  Localized to plastids.  AtMurE is involved in chloroplast biogenesis., Encodes AtMurE, a homolog of the bacterial MurE that catalyze the ATP-dependent formation of UDP-N-acetylmuramic acid-tripeptide in bacterial peptidoglycan biosynthesis.  Localized to plastids.  AtMurE is involved in chloroplast biogenesis., Encodes AtMurE, a homolog of the bacterial MurE that catalyze the ATP-dependent formation of UDP-N-acetylmuramic acid-tripeptide in bacterial peptidoglycan biosynthesis.  Localized to plastids.  AtMurE is involved in chloroplast biogenesis."
"ATGA3OX2..GA3OX2..GA4H"	"Encodes a protein with gibberellin 3 &#946;-hydroxylase activity. The protein was heterologously expressed in E. coli and shown to catalyze the hydroxylation of both GA9 and GA20., Encodes a protein with gibberellin 3 &#946;-hydroxylase activity. The protein was heterologously expressed in E. coli and shown to catalyze the hydroxylation of both GA9 and GA20., Encodes a protein with gibberellin 3 &#946;-hydroxylase activity. The protein was heterologously expressed in E. coli and shown to catalyze the hydroxylation of both GA9 and GA20."
"AtMYB103..MYB103"	"member of MYB3R- and R2R3- type MYB- encoding genes, member of MYB3R- and R2R3- type MYB- encoding genes"
"ATK1..KNAT2"	"A member of class I knotted1-like homeobox gene family (together with KNAT1). Similar to the knotted1 (kn1) homeobox gene of maize. KNAT2 acts synergistically with cytokinins and antagonistically with ethylene based on ectopic expression studies in different mutant backgrounds and hormone treatments. In addition, KNAT2 is negatively regulated by AS and YABBY genes. KNAT2 is strongly expressed in the shoot apex of seedlings, while in mature plants the gene is primarily expressed in flowers and inflorescence stems., A member of class I knotted1-like homeobox gene family (together with KNAT1). Similar to the knotted1 (kn1) homeobox gene of maize. KNAT2 acts synergistically with cytokinins and antagonistically with ethylene based on ectopic expression studies in different mutant backgrounds and hormone treatments. In addition, KNAT2 is negatively regulated by AS and YABBY genes. KNAT2 is strongly expressed in the shoot apex of seedlings, while in mature plants the gene is primarily expressed in flowers and inflorescence stems."
"ATMYB122..MYB122"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor, member of the R2R3 factor gene family (MYB122)., Encodes a putative transcription factor, member of the R2R3 factor gene family (MYB122)."
"AtNPF2.13..NPF2.13..NRT1.7"	"Encodes a low affinity nitrate transporter NRT1.7.  Expressed in phloem.  Responsible for source-to-sink remobilization of nitrate., Encodes a low affinity nitrate transporter NRT1.7.  Expressed in phloem.  Responsible for source-to-sink remobilization of nitrate., Encodes a low affinity nitrate transporter NRT1.7.  Expressed in phloem.  Responsible for source-to-sink remobilization of nitrate."
"ACH1..ATNRT2.1..ATNRT2.1..LIN1..NRT2..NRT2.1..NRT2.1..NRT2.1AT"	"High-affinity nitrate transporter. Up-regulated by nitrate. Functions as a repressor of lateral root initiation independently of nitrate uptake., High-affinity nitrate transporter. Up-regulated by nitrate. Functions as a repressor of lateral root initiation independently of nitrate uptake., High-affinity nitrate transporter. Up-regulated by nitrate. Functions as a repressor of lateral root initiation independently of nitrate uptake., High-affinity nitrate transporter. Up-regulated by nitrate. Functions as a repressor of lateral root initiation independently of nitrate uptake., High-affinity nitrate transporter. Up-regulated by nitrate. Functions as a repressor of lateral root initiation independently of nitrate uptake., High-affinity nitrate transporter. Up-regulated by nitrate. Functions as a repressor of lateral root initiation independently of nitrate uptake., High-affinity nitrate transporter. Up-regulated by nitrate. Functions as a repressor of lateral root initiation independently of nitrate uptake., High-affinity nitrate transporter. Up-regulated by nitrate. Functions as a repressor of lateral root initiation independently of nitrate uptake."
"AtNPF7.3..NPF7.3..NRT1.5"	"Transmembrane nitrate transporter. Involved in xylem transport of nitrate from root to shoot. Induced in response to nitrate. Not involved in nitrate uptake. expressed in root pericycle cells., Transmembrane nitrate transporter. Involved in xylem transport of nitrate from root to shoot. Induced in response to nitrate. Not involved in nitrate uptake. expressed in root pericycle cells., Transmembrane nitrate transporter. Involved in xylem transport of nitrate from root to shoot. Induced in response to nitrate. Not involved in nitrate uptake. expressed in root pericycle cells."
"ATGA2OX1..GA2OX1"	"Encodes a gibberellin 2-oxidase that acts on C19 gibberellins., Encodes a gibberellin 2-oxidase that acts on C19 gibberellins."
"EMB173..FIS1..MEA..SDG5"	"Encodes a putative transcription factor MEDEA (MEA) that negatively regulates seed development in the absence of fertilization. Mutations in this locus result in embryo lethality.  MEA is a Polycomb group gene that is imprinted in the endosperm.  The maternal allele is expressed and the paternal allele is silent.  MEA is controlled by DEMETER (DME), a DNA glycosylase required to activate MEA expression, and METHYLTRANSFERASE I (MET1), which maintains CG methylation at the MEA locus. MEA is  involved in the negative regulation of its own imprinted gene expression; the effect is not only allele-specific but also  dynamically regulated during seed development. In the ovule, the MEA transcripts  are accumulated at their highest level before fertilization  and gradually decrease after fertilization, Encodes a putative transcription factor MEDEA (MEA) that negatively regulates seed development in the absence of fertilization. Mutations in this locus result in embryo lethality.  MEA is a Polycomb group gene that is imprinted in the endosperm.  The maternal allele is expressed and the paternal allele is silent.  MEA is controlled by DEMETER (DME), a DNA glycosylase required to activate MEA expression, and METHYLTRANSFERASE I (MET1), which maintains CG methylation at the MEA locus. MEA is  involved in the negative regulation of its own imprinted gene expression; the effect is not only allele-specific but also  dynamically regulated during seed development. In the ovule, the MEA transcripts  are accumulated at their highest level before fertilization  and gradually decrease after fertilization, Encodes a putative transcription factor MEDEA (MEA) that negatively regulates seed development in the absence of fertilization. Mutations in this locus result in embryo lethality.  MEA is a Polycomb group gene that is imprinted in the endosperm.  The maternal allele is expressed and the paternal allele is silent.  MEA is controlled by DEMETER (DME), a DNA glycosylase required to activate MEA expression, and METHYLTRANSFERASE I (MET1), which maintains CG methylation at the MEA locus. MEA is  involved in the negative regulation of its own imprinted gene expression; the effect is not only allele-specific but also  dynamically regulated during seed development. In the ovule, the MEA transcripts  are accumulated at their highest level before fertilization  and gradually decrease after fertilization, Encodes a putative transcription factor MEDEA (MEA) that negatively regulates seed development in the absence of fertilization. Mutations in this locus result in embryo lethality.  MEA is a Polycomb group gene that is imprinted in the endosperm.  The maternal allele is expressed and the paternal allele is silent.  MEA is controlled by DEMETER (DME), a DNA glycosylase required to activate MEA expression, and METHYLTRANSFERASE I (MET1), which maintains CG methylation at the MEA locus. MEA is  involved in the negative regulation of its own imprinted gene expression; the effect is not only allele-specific but also  dynamically regulated during seed development. In the ovule, the MEA transcripts  are accumulated at their highest level before fertilization  and gradually decrease after fertilization"
"ATBXL2..BXL2"	"encodes a protein similar to a beta-xylosidase located in the extracellular matrix. This is a member of glycosyl hydrolase family 3 and has six other closely related members., encodes a protein similar to a beta-xylosidase located in the extracellular matrix. This is a member of glycosyl hydrolase family 3 and has six other closely related members."
"ANAC007..EMB2749..NAC007..VND4"	"Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue., Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue., Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue., Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue."
"LCR78..PDF1.4"	"Predicted to encode a PR (pathogenesis-related) protein.  Belongs to the plant defensin (PDF) family with the following members: At1g75830/PDF1.1, At5g44420/PDF1.2a, At2g26020/PDF1.2b, At5g44430/PDF1.2c, At2g26010/PDF1.3, At1g19610/PDF1.4, At1g55010/PDF1.5, At2g02120/PDF2.1, At2g02100/PDF2.2, At2g02130/PDF2.3, At1g61070/PDF2.4, At5g63660/PDF2.5, At2g02140/PDF2.6, At5g38330/PDF3.1 and At4g30070/PDF3.2., Predicted to encode a PR (pathogenesis-related) protein.  Belongs to the plant defensin (PDF) family with the following members: At1g75830/PDF1.1, At5g44420/PDF1.2a, At2g26020/PDF1.2b, At5g44430/PDF1.2c, At2g26010/PDF1.3, At1g19610/PDF1.4, At1g55010/PDF1.5, At2g02120/PDF2.1, At2g02100/PDF2.2, At2g02130/PDF2.3, At1g61070/PDF2.4, At5g63660/PDF2.5, At2g02140/PDF2.6, At5g38330/PDF3.1 and At4g30070/PDF3.2."
"ATLFNR2..FNR2..LFNR2"	"Encodes a leaf-type ferredoxin:NADP(H) oxidoreductase.  It is present in both chloroplast stroma and thylakoid membranes but is more abundant in the stroma, Encodes a leaf-type ferredoxin:NADP(H) oxidoreductase.  It is present in both chloroplast stroma and thylakoid membranes but is more abundant in the stroma, Encodes a leaf-type ferredoxin:NADP(H) oxidoreductase.  It is present in both chloroplast stroma and thylakoid membranes but is more abundant in the stroma"
"RTM1"	"Specifically restrict the long-distance movement of tobacco etch potyvirus (TEV) without involving either hypersensitive cell death or systemic acquired resistance"
"RKL1"	"Arabidopsis thaliana receptor-like protein kinase (RKL1) gene"
"DTA4"	"Identified as target of the AGL15 binding motif CArG."
"SDE3"	"Encodes a protein with similarity to RNA helicases. Mutants are defective in post-transcriptional gene silencing."
"CVP2"	"Encodes an inositol polyphosphate 5' phosphatase (5PTase) that is required for the proper recruitment of cells into developing vascular tissue in leaves and cotyledons. It is most similar to Type I 5PTases that are known to cleave a phosphate from IP3 or IP4. cvp2 mutants have elevated levels of IP3 and are hypersensitive to ABA in seed germination assays."
"OBP2..URP3"	"A member of the DOF transcription factors. Prominently expressed in the phloem of leaves and other organs. Expression is induced by wounding, MeJA and insect feeding. Upregulates glucosinolate biosynthesis., A member of the DOF transcription factors. Prominently expressed in the phloem of leaves and other organs. Expression is induced by wounding, MeJA and insect feeding. Upregulates glucosinolate biosynthesis."
"KCS3"	"Encodes KCS3, a member of the 3-ketoacyl-CoA synthase family involved in the biosynthesis of VLCFA (very long chain fatty acids)."
"ATICS2..ICS2"	"Encodes a protein with isochorismate synthase activity involved in phylloquinone biosynthesis. Mutant studies of this gene's function suggest that its function is redundant with that of ICS1 (AT1G7410)., Encodes a protein with isochorismate synthase activity involved in phylloquinone biosynthesis. Mutant studies of this gene's function suggest that its function is redundant with that of ICS1 (AT1G7410)."
"AtMYB47..MYB47"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"PKS2"	"Encodes phytochrome kinase substrate 2.  PKS proteins are critical for hypocotyl phototropism. Forms a complex with Phot1, Phot2 and NPH3."
"ATSBT1.1..SBTI1.1"	"Encodes AtSBT1.1, a subtilisin-like serine protease.  Cleaves the phytosulfokine AtPSK4, a growth promoting peptide., Encodes AtSBT1.1, a subtilisin-like serine protease.  Cleaves the phytosulfokine AtPSK4, a growth promoting peptide."
"PSAO"	"Encodes subunit O of photosystem I."
"ATGA3OX1..GA3OX1..GA4"	"Involved in later steps of the gibberellic acid biosynthetic pathway. Activated by AGAMOUS in a cal-1, ap1-1 background. Deletion of 208 bp from -1016 to -809  (&#916;-808) resulted in loss of GA-negative feedback (this sequence, which contains a 43-bp sequence GNFEI, was shown to be sufficient for GA-negative feedback)., Involved in later steps of the gibberellic acid biosynthetic pathway. Activated by AGAMOUS in a cal-1, ap1-1 background. Deletion of 208 bp from -1016 to -809  (&#916;-808) resulted in loss of GA-negative feedback (this sequence, which contains a 43-bp sequence GNFEI, was shown to be sufficient for GA-negative feedback)., Involved in later steps of the gibberellic acid biosynthetic pathway. Activated by AGAMOUS in a cal-1, ap1-1 background. Deletion of 208 bp from -1016 to -809  (&#916;-808) resulted in loss of GA-negative feedback (this sequence, which contains a 43-bp sequence GNFEI, was shown to be sufficient for GA-negative feedback)."
"PETE1"	"One of two Arabidopsis plastocyanin genes. Expressed at 1/10th level of PETE2. Does not respond to increased copper levels and is thought to be the isoform that participates in electron transport under copper-limiting conditions."
"ATCPSF30..CPSF30"	"Encodes AtCPSF30, the 30-KDa subunit of cleavage and polyadenylation specificity factor. AtCPSF30 is a probable processing endonuclease. Nucleus-localized RNA binding  protein capable of  interacting with itself and with calmodulin. Its RNA-binding  activity is inhibited by calmodulin in a calcium-dependent fashion., Encodes AtCPSF30, the 30-KDa subunit of cleavage and polyadenylation specificity factor. AtCPSF30 is a probable processing endonuclease. Nucleus-localized RNA binding  protein capable of  interacting with itself and with calmodulin. Its RNA-binding  activity is inhibited by calmodulin in a calcium-dependent fashion."
"ATNRAMP6..NRAMP6"	"member of Nramp2 family, member of Nramp2 family"
"NIP6..NIP6.1..NLM7"	"Encodes a protein with boron transporter activity. It helps to preferentially direct boron to young developing tissues in the shoot, such as immature leaves, under low boron conditions. This boron channel appears to be impermeable to water, unlike the closely related NIP5;1 boron transporter. This protein also allows the transport of glycerol, urea, and formimide but not larger uncharged solutes such as arabitol and sucrose when it is expressed heterologously., Encodes a protein with boron transporter activity. It helps to preferentially direct boron to young developing tissues in the shoot, such as immature leaves, under low boron conditions. This boron channel appears to be impermeable to water, unlike the closely related NIP5;1 boron transporter. This protein also allows the transport of glycerol, urea, and formimide but not larger uncharged solutes such as arabitol and sucrose when it is expressed heterologously., Encodes a protein with boron transporter activity. It helps to preferentially direct boron to young developing tissues in the shoot, such as immature leaves, under low boron conditions. This boron channel appears to be impermeable to water, unlike the closely related NIP5;1 boron transporter. This protein also allows the transport of glycerol, urea, and formimide but not larger uncharged solutes such as arabitol and sucrose when it is expressed heterologously."
"ZCF125"	"Encodes a kinesin-like protein."
"ATGSTF4..GST31..GSTF4"	"Encodes glutathione transferase belonging to the phi class of GSTs. Naming convention according to Wagner et al. (2002)., Encodes glutathione transferase belonging to the phi class of GSTs. Naming convention according to Wagner et al. (2002)., Encodes glutathione transferase belonging to the phi class of GSTs. Naming convention according to Wagner et al. (2002)."
"AST56..SULTR2.2"	"cDNA encoding a sulfate transporter., cDNA encoding a sulfate transporter."
"PHO1.H1"	"Encodes PHO1;H1, a member of the PHO1 family.  Involved in inorganic phosphate (Pi) transport and homeostasis.  Complements pho1 mutation."
"DEP"	"Encodes DESPIERTO (DEP), a RING finger protein involved in ABA sensitivity during seed development.  Regulates the expression of ABI3, and produces a complete loss of dormancy when mutated."
"PAC"	"The pale cress (pac) mutant affects chloroplast and leaf development; mutants are ABA-deficient and accumulate lower levels of carotenoids and chlorophyll compared to wild type. PAC is probably involved in chloroplast mRNA maturation. Three alternative transcripts of this gene exist."
"ATCHX16..CHX16"	"member of Putative Na+/H+ antiporter family, member of Putative Na+/H+ antiporter family"
"ATWRKY56..WRKY56"	"member of WRKY Transcription Factor; Group II-c, member of WRKY Transcription Factor; Group II-c"
"AtMYB93..MYB93"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"LACS2..LRD2"	"Encodes a long chain acyl-CoA synthetase that catalyzes the synthesis of omega-hydroxy fatty acyl-CoA intermediates in the pathway to cutin synthesis. Required for repression of lateral root formation., Encodes a long chain acyl-CoA synthetase that catalyzes the synthesis of omega-hydroxy fatty acyl-CoA intermediates in the pathway to cutin synthesis. Required for repression of lateral root formation."
"CYP96A8"	"member of CYP96A"
"FUT7"	"member of Xyloglucan fucosyltransferase family"
"CPK29"	"member of Calcium Dependent Protein Kinase"
"ANAC026..VND5"	"Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue., Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue."
"ATCLV1..CLV1..FAS3..FLO5"	"Putative receptor kinase with an extracellular leucine-rich domain. Controls shoot and floral meristem size, and contributes to establish and maintain floral meristem identity. Negatively regulated by KAPP (kinase-associated protein phosphatase). CLV3 peptide binds directly CLV1 ectodomain., Putative receptor kinase with an extracellular leucine-rich domain. Controls shoot and floral meristem size, and contributes to establish and maintain floral meristem identity. Negatively regulated by KAPP (kinase-associated protein phosphatase). CLV3 peptide binds directly CLV1 ectodomain., Putative receptor kinase with an extracellular leucine-rich domain. Controls shoot and floral meristem size, and contributes to establish and maintain floral meristem identity. Negatively regulated by KAPP (kinase-associated protein phosphatase). CLV3 peptide binds directly CLV1 ectodomain., Putative receptor kinase with an extracellular leucine-rich domain. Controls shoot and floral meristem size, and contributes to establish and maintain floral meristem identity. Negatively regulated by KAPP (kinase-associated protein phosphatase). CLV3 peptide binds directly CLV1 ectodomain."
"ATMC8..AtMCP2e..MC8..MCP2e"	"Encodes a metacaspase (cysteine-type endopeptidase) that is involved in promoting programmed cell death in response to hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), UV light, and methyl viologen (MV). Transcript levels rise in response to UV-C, H2O2, and MV. In vitro assays demonstrate that this enzyme has a preference for cleaving after an arginine residue, and it has a pH optimum of 8.0., Encodes a metacaspase (cysteine-type endopeptidase) that is involved in promoting programmed cell death in response to hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), UV light, and methyl viologen (MV). Transcript levels rise in response to UV-C, H2O2, and MV. In vitro assays demonstrate that this enzyme has a preference for cleaving after an arginine residue, and it has a pH optimum of 8.0., Encodes a metacaspase (cysteine-type endopeptidase) that is involved in promoting programmed cell death in response to hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), UV light, and methyl viologen (MV). Transcript levels rise in response to UV-C, H2O2, and MV. In vitro assays demonstrate that this enzyme has a preference for cleaving after an arginine residue, and it has a pH optimum of 8.0., Encodes a metacaspase (cysteine-type endopeptidase) that is involved in promoting programmed cell death in response to hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), UV light, and methyl viologen (MV). Transcript levels rise in response to UV-C, H2O2, and MV. In vitro assays demonstrate that this enzyme has a preference for cleaving after an arginine residue, and it has a pH optimum of 8.0."
"CYP71B28"	"putative cytochrome P450"
"CYP71B29"	"putative cytochrome P450"
"BLT"	"Encodes BRANCHLESS TRICHOME (BLT) involved in trichome development.  A large portion of the internal amino acid sequence of BLT is predicted to form a coiled-coil domain.  BLT mutants form branchless trichomes with blunt tips."
"AMT1.2..ATAMT1.2"	"encodes an ammonium transporter protein believed to act as a high affinity transporter. It is expressed in the root, primarily in endodermal and cortical cells, and contributes to ammonium uptake in the root., encodes an ammonium transporter protein believed to act as a high affinity transporter. It is expressed in the root, primarily in endodermal and cortical cells, and contributes to ammonium uptake in the root."
"APL..WDY"	"Encodes gene product that is required for several aspects of phloem development in the root: (1) the specific divisions organizing the phloem pole, (2) sieve element differentiation and (3) the expression of a companion-specific gene.  Mutant has a defect in the organization of phloem poles in the root. apl seedlings have a short, determinate root with only occasional lateral branches., Encodes gene product that is required for several aspects of phloem development in the root: (1) the specific divisions organizing the phloem pole, (2) sieve element differentiation and (3) the expression of a companion-specific gene.  Mutant has a defect in the organization of phloem poles in the root. apl seedlings have a short, determinate root with only occasional lateral branches."
"GRP3S"	"glycine-rich protein 3 short isoform (GRP3S) mRNA, complete"
"ARFB1A..ATARFB1A"	"A member of ARF GTPase family. A thaliana has 21 members of this family, known to be essential for vesicle coating and uncoating and functions in GTP-binding. Gene encoding ADP-ribosylation factor and similar to ADP-ribosylation factor (GI:861205) (Chlamydomonas reinhardtii), other ARFs and ARF-like proteins., A member of ARF GTPase family. A thaliana has 21 members of this family, known to be essential for vesicle coating and uncoating and functions in GTP-binding. Gene encoding ADP-ribosylation factor and similar to ADP-ribosylation factor (GI:861205) (Chlamydomonas reinhardtii), other ARFs and ARF-like proteins."
"AtGDU4..GDU4"	"Encodes a member of the GDU (glutamine dumper) family proteins involved in amino acid export: At4g31730 (GDU1), At4g25760 (GDU2), At5g57685 (GDU3), At2g24762 (GDU4), At5g24920 (GDU5), At3g30725 (GDU6) and At5g38770 (GDU7)., Encodes a member of the GDU (glutamine dumper) family proteins involved in amino acid export: At4g31730 (GDU1), At4g25760 (GDU2), At5g57685 (GDU3), At2g24762 (GDU4), At5g24920 (GDU5), At3g30725 (GDU6) and At5g38770 (GDU7)."
"AGT..AGT1..SGAT"	"Encodes a peroxisomal photorespiratory enzyme that catalyzes transamination reactions with multiple substrates. It is involved in photorespiration., Encodes a peroxisomal photorespiratory enzyme that catalyzes transamination reactions with multiple substrates. It is involved in photorespiration., Encodes a peroxisomal photorespiratory enzyme that catalyzes transamination reactions with multiple substrates. It is involved in photorespiration."
"FLA6"	"fasciclin-like arabinogalactan-protein 6 (Fla6)"
"ATEM6..EM6..GEA6"	"Encodes a group 1 LEA gene that is activated by direct binding of ABI5 to its promoter and is involved in response to ABA. Is required for normal seed development. Involved in regulating the timing of dessication tolerance and rate of water loss during seed maturation., Encodes a group 1 LEA gene that is activated by direct binding of ABI5 to its promoter and is involved in response to ABA. Is required for normal seed development. Involved in regulating the timing of dessication tolerance and rate of water loss during seed maturation., Encodes a group 1 LEA gene that is activated by direct binding of ABI5 to its promoter and is involved in response to ABA. Is required for normal seed development. Involved in regulating the timing of dessication tolerance and rate of water loss during seed maturation."
"TBL30"	"Encodes a member of the TBL (TRICHOME BIREFRINGENCE-LIKE) gene family containing a plant-specific DUF231 (domain of unknown function) domain. TBL gene family has 46 members, two of which (TBR/AT5G06700 and TBL3/AT5G01360) have been shown to be involved in the synthesis and deposition of secondary wall cellulose, presumably by influencing the esterification state of pectic polymers. A nomenclature for this gene family has been proposed (Volker Bischoff & Wolf Scheible, 2010, personal communication)."
"DALL5"	"encodes a triacylglycerol lipase located in plastoglobuli and involved in the degradation of triacylglycerol. It also has impact on leaf senescence and maintaining the structural integrity of thylakoids."
"ATMYO5..ATXIF..XIF"	"Encodes an novel myosin isoform., Encodes an novel myosin isoform., Encodes an novel myosin isoform."
"COR15..COR15A"	"A cold-regulated gene whose product is targeted to the chloroplast. Cor15am  protects stromal proteins from aggregation under various stress conditions. Constitutive expression increases freezing tolerance in protoplasts in vitro and chloroplasts in vivo. NMR and x-ray diffraction studies suggest that COR15a alters the intrinsic curvature of the inner membrane of chloroplast envelope.  Late Embryogenesis abundant protein (LEA)., A cold-regulated gene whose product is targeted to the chloroplast. Cor15am  protects stromal proteins from aggregation under various stress conditions. Constitutive expression increases freezing tolerance in protoplasts in vitro and chloroplasts in vivo. NMR and x-ray diffraction studies suggest that COR15a alters the intrinsic curvature of the inner membrane of chloroplast envelope.  Late Embryogenesis abundant protein (LEA)."
"CRB..CSP41B..HIP1.3"	"Encodes CHLOROPLAST RNA BINDING (CRB), a putative RNA-binding protein.  CRB is important for the proper functioning of the chloroplast.  Mutations in CRB also affects the circadian system, altering the expression of both oscillator and output genes., Encodes CHLOROPLAST RNA BINDING (CRB), a putative RNA-binding protein.  CRB is important for the proper functioning of the chloroplast.  Mutations in CRB also affects the circadian system, altering the expression of both oscillator and output genes., Encodes CHLOROPLAST RNA BINDING (CRB), a putative RNA-binding protein.  CRB is important for the proper functioning of the chloroplast.  Mutations in CRB also affects the circadian system, altering the expression of both oscillator and output genes."
"LAC5"	"putative laccase, a member of laccase family of genes (17 members in Arabidopsis)."
"CYP718"	"member of CYP718"
"MRH6"	"Involved in root hair development"
"CYP79B3"	"Encodes a cytochrome P450. Involved in tryptophan metabolism. Converts Trp to indole-3-acetaldoxime (IAOx), a precursor to IAA and indole glucosinolates."
"AGL22..FAQ1..SVP"	"Encodes a nuclear protein that acts as a floral repressor and that functions within the thermosensory pathway.  SVP represses FT expression via direct binding to the vCArG III motif in the FT promoter., Encodes a nuclear protein that acts as a floral repressor and that functions within the thermosensory pathway.  SVP represses FT expression via direct binding to the vCArG III motif in the FT promoter., Encodes a nuclear protein that acts as a floral repressor and that functions within the thermosensory pathway.  SVP represses FT expression via direct binding to the vCArG III motif in the FT promoter."
"ATERF15..ERF15"	"encodes a member of the ERF (ethylene response factor) subfamily B-3 of ERF/AP2 transcription factor family. The protein contains one AP2 domain. There are 18 members in this subfamily including ATERF-1, ATERF-2, AND ATERF-5., encodes a member of the ERF (ethylene response factor) subfamily B-3 of ERF/AP2 transcription factor family. The protein contains one AP2 domain. There are 18 members in this subfamily including ATERF-1, ATERF-2, AND ATERF-5."
"ATLUP1..LUP1"	"Lupeol synthase. Converts oxidosqualene to multiple triterpene alcohols and a triterpene diols. This conversion proceeds through the formation of a 17&#946;-dammarenyl cation., Lupeol synthase. Converts oxidosqualene to multiple triterpene alcohols and a triterpene diols. This conversion proceeds through the formation of a 17&#946;-dammarenyl cation."
"ATMYB63..MYB63"	"Member of the R2R3 factor gene family., Member of the R2R3 factor gene family."
"KCS2"	"Encodes KCS2, a member of the 3-ketoacyl-CoA synthase family involved in the biosynthesis of VLCFA (very long chain fatty acids)."
"CPK19"	"member of Calcium Dependent Protein Kinase"
"AtCIPK16..CIPK16..SnRK3.18"	"Encodes a member of the SNF1-related kinase (SnRK) gene family (SnRK3.18), which has also been reported as a member of the CBL-interacting protein kinases (CIPK16)., Encodes a member of the SNF1-related kinase (SnRK) gene family (SnRK3.18), which has also been reported as a member of the CBL-interacting protein kinases (CIPK16)., Encodes a member of the SNF1-related kinase (SnRK) gene family (SnRK3.18), which has also been reported as a member of the CBL-interacting protein kinases (CIPK16)."
"ATGPT2..GPT2"	"glucose6-Phosphate/phosphate transporter 2, glucose6-Phosphate/phosphate transporter 2"
"CYP82F1"	"member of CYP82F"
"RIC2"	"encodes a member of a novel protein family that contains contain a CRIB (for Cdc42/Rac-interactive binding) motif required for their specific interaction with GTP-bound Rop1 (plant-specific Rho GTPase). Interacts with Rop1 and is involved in pollen tube growth and function. Protein most similar to RIC4 (family subgroup V). Gene is expressed in all tissues examined."
"BRL1"	"mutant has Altered vascular cell differentiation; LRR Receptor Kinase"
"PSAG"	"Encodes subunit G of photosystem I, an 11-kDa membrane protein that plays an  important role in electron transport between plastocyanin and PSI and is involved in  the stability of the PSI complex. PSI-G subunit is bound to  PSI-B and is in contact with Lhca1. The protein inserts into thylakoids by  a direct or spontaneous pathway that does not involve the activities of  any known chloroplast protein-targeting machinery. PSI-G appears to be directly or indirectly involved in the interaction between Photosystem I and plastocyanin."
"RCI3..RCI3A"	"Encodes a cold-inducible cationic peroxidase that is involved in the stress response. In response to low temperature, RCI3 transcripts accumulate in the aerial part and in roots of etiolated seedlings but only in roots of light-grown seedlings., Encodes a cold-inducible cationic peroxidase that is involved in the stress response. In response to low temperature, RCI3 transcripts accumulate in the aerial part and in roots of etiolated seedlings but only in roots of light-grown seedlings."
"BDL..IAA12"	"IAA12/BDL plays a role in auxin-mediated processes of apical-basal patterning in the embryo. bdl mutants lack a primary root meristem, IAA12/BDL plays a role in auxin-mediated processes of apical-basal patterning in the embryo. bdl mutants lack a primary root meristem"
"AS2..AS2"	"required for formation of a symmetric flat leaf lamina, encodes a member of a family of proteins characterized by cysteine repeats and a leucine zipper; involved in KNOX gene regulation.   Acts together with ASL1 in proximal-distal symmetry determination. Forms a complex with AS1 that binds to the BP promoter and leads to silencing of BP., Required for formation of a symmetric flat leaf lamina, encodes a member of a family of proteins characterized by cysteine repeats and a leucine zipper; involved in KNOX gene regulation.   Acts together with ASL1 in proximal-distal symmetry determination. Forms a complex with AS1 that binds to the BP promoter and leads to silencing of BP."
"BON3"	"Encodes a copine-like protein, which is a member of a newly identified class of calcium-dependent, phospholipid binding proteins that are present in a wide range of organisms. Overexpression of this gene suppresses bon1-1 phenotypes. Double mutant analyses with bon1-1 suggest that BON1 and BON3 have overlapping functions in maintaining cellular homeostasis and inhibiting cell death."
"ATRBOHB..ATRBOHB.BETA..RBOHB"	"NADPH-oxidase AtrbohB plays a role in seed after-ripening. Major producer of superoxide in germinating seeds. AtrbohB  pre-mRNA is alternatively spliced in seeds in a hormonally and developmentally  regulated manner. ABA caused accumulation of AtrbohB- mRNA and prevented prevented AtrbohB-a mRNA expression in fresh seeds., NADPH-oxidase AtrbohB plays a role in seed after-ripening. Major producer of superoxide in germinating seeds. AtrbohB  pre-mRNA is alternatively spliced in seeds in a hormonally and developmentally  regulated manner. ABA caused accumulation of AtrbohB- mRNA and prevented prevented AtrbohB-a mRNA expression in fresh seeds., NADPH-oxidase AtrbohB plays a role in seed after-ripening. Major producer of superoxide in germinating seeds. AtrbohB  pre-mRNA is alternatively spliced in seeds in a hormonally and developmentally  regulated manner. ABA caused accumulation of AtrbohB- mRNA and prevented prevented AtrbohB-a mRNA expression in fresh seeds."
"LPR1"	"Encodes a protein with multicopper oxidase activity.  Located in ER.  Function together with LPR2 (AT1G71040) and a P5-type ATPase (At5g23630/PDR2) in a common pathway that adjusts root meristem activity to Pi (inorganic phosphate) availability."
"THA1"	"Encodes a threonine aldolase, involved in threonine degradation to glycine. Primarily expressed in seeds and seedlings."
"AtMYB60..MYB60"	"putative transcription factor of the R2R3-MYB gene family. Transcript increases under conditions that promote stomatal opening (white and blue light, abi1-1 mutation) and decreases under conditions that trigger stomatal closure (ABA, desiccation, darkness), with the exception of elevated CO2. Expressed exclusively in guard cells of all tissues. It is required for light-induced opening of stomata. Mutant shows reduced stomatal aperture which helps to limit water loss during drought., putative transcription factor of the R2R3-MYB gene family. Transcript increases under conditions that promote stomatal opening (white and blue light, abi1-1 mutation) and decreases under conditions that trigger stomatal closure (ABA, desiccation, darkness), with the exception of elevated CO2. Expressed exclusively in guard cells of all tissues. It is required for light-induced opening of stomata. Mutant shows reduced stomatal aperture which helps to limit water loss during drought."
"POR..PORC"	"Encodes for a protein with protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase activity. The enzyme is NADPH- and light-dependent., Encodes for a protein with protochlorophyllide oxidoreductase activity. The enzyme is NADPH- and light-dependent."
"ATPIN7..PIN7"	"Encodes a novel component of auxin efflux that is located  apically in the basal cell and is involved during embryogenesis in setting up the apical-basal axis in the embryo.  It is also involved in pattern specification during root development.  In roots, it is expressed at lateral and basal membranes of provascular cells in the meristem and elongation zone, whereas in the columella cells it coincides with the PIN3 domain. Plasma membrane-localized PIN proteins mediate a saturable efflux of auxin. PINs mediate auxin efflux from mammalian and yeast cells without needing additional plant-specific factors. The action of PINs in auxin efflux is distinct from PGPs, rate-limiting, specific  to auxins and sensitive to auxin transport inhibitors. PINs are directly involved of in catalyzing  cellular auxin efflux., Encodes a novel component of auxin efflux that is located  apically in the basal cell and is involved during embryogenesis in setting up the apical-basal axis in the embryo.  It is also involved in pattern specification during root development.  In roots, it is expressed at lateral and basal membranes of provascular cells in the meristem and elongation zone, whereas in the columella cells it coincides with the PIN3 domain. Plasma membrane-localized PIN proteins mediate a saturable efflux of auxin. PINs mediate auxin efflux from mammalian and yeast cells without needing additional plant-specific factors. The action of PINs in auxin efflux is distinct from PGPs, rate-limiting, specific  to auxins and sensitive to auxin transport inhibitors. PINs are directly involved of in catalyzing  cellular auxin efflux."
"AST91..SULTR3.3"	"Encodes AST91 mRNA for sulfate transporter., Encodes AST91 mRNA for sulfate transporter."
"AATL2..ATLHT2..LHT2"	"High-affinity transporter for neutral and acidic amino acids, expressed in tapetum tissue of anthers, High-affinity transporter for neutral and acidic amino acids, expressed in tapetum tissue of anthers, High-affinity transporter for neutral and acidic amino acids, expressed in tapetum tissue of anthers"
"LHCA3"	"PSI type III chlorophyll a/b-binding protein (Lhca3*1)"
"MGP"	"MGP is a nuclear-localized putative transcription factor with three zinc finger domains. MGP can interact with three proteins implicated in root patterning: SCR, SHR, and JKD in Y2H assays, and these interactions depend on the first zinc finger in MGP. MGP appears to be a direct transcriptional target of SHR and SCR, based on promoter binding assays, though it is not expressed in the QC, based on in situ hybridizations."
"AtTPX2..TPX2"	"Homolog of vertebrate TPX2. Protein has three domains involved in nuclear targeting, one in nuclear export and two in microtubule binding. Involved in mitotic spindle assembly during late prophase and early prometaphase., Homolog of vertebrate TPX2. Protein has three domains involved in nuclear targeting, one in nuclear export and two in microtubule binding. Involved in mitotic spindle assembly during late prophase and early prometaphase."
"JP630..PG3"	"Encodes aromatic rich glycoprotein JP630., Encodes aromatic rich glycoprotein JP630."
"ALDH2B..ALDH2B7"	"Encodes a mitochondrial aldehyde dehydrogenase; nuclear gene for mitochondrial product., Encodes a mitochondrial aldehyde dehydrogenase; nuclear gene for mitochondrial product."
"ATIDD15..SGR5"	"May be involved in an early event in shoot gravitropism such as gravity perception and/or a signaling process subsequent to amyloplast sedimentation as a putative transcription factor in gravity-perceptive cells., May be involved in an early event in shoot gravitropism such as gravity perception and/or a signaling process subsequent to amyloplast sedimentation as a putative transcription factor in gravity-perceptive cells."
"DAG2"	"encodes a protein containing Dof zinc finger motifs. expression is limited to vascular system of the mother plant. recessive mutation is inherited as maternal-effect and expression is not detected in the embryo. mutants are defective in seed germination. mutants are more dependent on light and cold treatment and less sensitive to gibberellin during seed germination."
"IRX9"	"The IRX9 gene encodes a putative family 43 glycosyl transferase.  It was coordinately expressed with the cellulose synthase subunits during secondary cell wall formation.  Cell wall analysis revealed a decrease in the abundance of xylan in the irx9 mutant, indicating that IRX9 is required for xylan synthesis. Mutants have irregular xylem phenotype suggesting a role in secondary cell wall biosynthesis."
"LOG3"	"Encodes a protein of unknown function.  It has been crystallized and shown to be structurally almost identical to the protein encoded by At5g11950."
"ATCNGC15..CNGC15"	"member of Cyclic nucleotide gated channel family, member of Cyclic nucleotide gated channel family"
"PIF1..PIL5"	"Encodes a novel Myc-related bHLH transcription factor that has transcriptional activation activity in the dark.  It is a key negative regulator of phytochrome-mediated seed germination and acts by inhibiting chlorophyll biosynthesis, light-mediated suppression of hypocotyl elongation and far-red light-mediated suppression of seed germination, and promoting negative gravitropism in hypocotyls.  Light reduces this activity in a phy-dependent manner.  The protein preferentially interacts with the Pfr forms of Phytochrome A (PhyA) and Phytochrome B (PhyB), is physically associated with APRR1/TOC1 and is degraded in red (R) and far-red (FR) light through the ubiquitin (ub)-26S proteasome pathway to optimize photomorphogenic development in Arabidopsis.  It also negatively regulates GA3 oxidase expression., Encodes a novel Myc-related bHLH transcription factor that has transcriptional activation activity in the dark.  It is a key negative regulator of phytochrome-mediated seed germination and acts by inhibiting chlorophyll biosynthesis, light-mediated suppression of hypocotyl elongation and far-red light-mediated suppression of seed germination, and promoting negative gravitropism in hypocotyls.  Light reduces this activity in a phy-dependent manner.  The protein preferentially interacts with the Pfr forms of Phytochrome A (PhyA) and Phytochrome B (PhyB), is physically associated with APRR1/TOC1 and is degraded in red (R) and far-red (FR) light through the ubiquitin (ub)-26S proteasome pathway to optimize photomorphogenic development in Arabidopsis.  It also negatively regulates GA3 oxidase expression."
"ANAC037..VND1"	"Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue., Encodes a NAC-domain transcription factor. Expressed in the vascular tissue."
"PDLP6"	"Encodes a plasmodesmal protein that may be involved in the intercellular movement of molecules through the plasmodesmata. The protein has two DUF26 domains and a single transmembrane domain."
"ATBZIP34..BZIP34"	"Encodes a member of the BZIP family of transcription factors. Forms heterodimers with the related protein AtbZIP61. Binds to G-boxes in vitro and is localized to the nucleus in onion epidermal cells., Encodes a member of the BZIP family of transcription factors. Forms heterodimers with the related protein AtbZIP61. Binds to G-boxes in vitro and is localized to the nucleus in onion epidermal cells."
"ABCC13..ATMRP11..MRP11"	"member of MRP subfamily, member of MRP subfamily, member of MRP subfamily"
"GGPS4"	"Encodes an endoplasmic reticulum-targeted geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate synthase"
"ATMTPB1..MTPB1"	"member of Zinc transporter (ZAT) family, member of Zinc transporter (ZAT) family"
"ATCB5.C..B5..CB5.C..CYTB5.C"	"member of Cytochromes b5, member of Cytochromes b5, member of Cytochromes b5, member of Cytochromes b5"
"BOP2"	"Encodes BOP2, a cytoplasmic and nuclear-localized NPR1 like protein with BTB/POZ domain and ankyrin repeats. Interacts with BOP1 and appears to be genetically redundant with BOP1.bop1/bop2 double mutants have longer leaves, often with leaflets on the petiole, asymmetric flowers with extra organs and no nectaries. Also defective in floral organ abscission.  BOP1/2 promotes floral meristem fate and determinacy in a pathway targetting APETALA1 and AGAMOUS-LIKE24. PUCHI, BOP1 and BOP2 are redundantly required for expression of LFY and AP1."
"ATM10..M10"	"Encodes a hydrophilic protein similar to Late Embryogenesis Activated (LEA) proteins expressed during embryogenesis, which are thought to be involved in the acquisition of dessication tolerance., Encodes a hydrophilic protein similar to Late Embryogenesis Activated (LEA) proteins expressed during embryogenesis, which are thought to be involved in the acquisition of dessication tolerance."
"cdf3..LP2..LTP2"	"Involved in lipid transfer between membranes. Belongs to a family of Lipid transfer proteins. Sequence similarity to other plant/Arabidopsis LPT genes but highest similarity to LPT1. Stress and pathogen-inducible motifs found in the upstream region. Expressed in flower, leaves and siliques but absent in roots. Predicted to be a member of PR-14 pathogenesis-related protein family with the following members:   At2g38540/LTP1, At2g38530/LTP2, At5g59320/LTP3, At5g59310/LTP4, At3g51600/LTP5, At3g08770/LTP6, At2g15050/LTP7, At2g18370/LTP8, At2g15325/LTP9, At5g01870/LTP10, At4g33355/LTP11, At3g51590/LTP12, At5g44265/LTP13, At5g62065/LTP14, At4g08530/LTP15., Involved in lipid transfer between membranes. Belongs to a family of Lipid transfer proteins. Sequence similarity to other plant/Arabidopsis LPT genes but highest similarity to LPT1. Stress and pathogen-inducible motifs found in the upstream region. Expressed in flower, leaves and siliques but absent in roots. Predicted to be a member of PR-14 pathogenesis-related protein family with the following members:   At2g38540/LTP1, At2g38530/LTP2, At5g59320/LTP3, At5g59310/LTP4, At3g51600/LTP5, At3g08770/LTP6, At2g15050/LTP7, At2g18370/LTP8, At2g15325/LTP9, At5g01870/LTP10, At4g33355/LTP11, At3g51590/LTP12, At5g44265/LTP13, At5g62065/LTP14, At4g08530/LTP15., Involved in lipid transfer between membranes. Belongs to a family of Lipid transfer proteins. Sequence similarity to other plant/Arabidopsis LPT genes but highest similarity to LPT1. Stress and pathogen-inducible motifs found in the upstream region. Expressed in flower, leaves and siliques but absent in roots. Predicted to be a member of PR-14 pathogenesis-related protein family with the following members:   At2g38540/LTP1, At2g38530/LTP2, At5g59320/LTP3, At5g59310/LTP4, At3g51600/LTP5, At3g08770/LTP6, At2g15050/LTP7, At2g18370/LTP8, At2g15325/LTP9, At5g01870/LTP10, At4g33355/LTP11, At3g51590/LTP12, At5g44265/LTP13, At5g62065/LTP14, At4g08530/LTP15."
"SSL1"	"Although this enzyme is predicted to encode a strictosidine synthase (SS), it lacks a conserved catalytic glutamate residue found in active SS enzymes and it is not expected to have SS activity."
"ATSPLA2.ALPHA..PLA2.ALPHA"	"Encodes a secretory phospholipase A2 enzyme, which specifically hydrolyzes the sn-2 position of phospholipids. The enzyme has a preference towards linoleoyl acyl chain over palmitoyl acyl chain. It also has a slight preference for phosphatidylcholine over phosphatidylethanolamine., Encodes a secretory phospholipase A2 enzyme, which specifically hydrolyzes the sn-2 position of phospholipids. The enzyme has a preference towards linoleoyl acyl chain over palmitoyl acyl chain. It also has a slight preference for phosphatidylcholine over phosphatidylethanolamine."
"AMS"	"Encodes a basic helix-loop helix transcription factor involved in tapetal cell development. Loss of function mutations are male sterile. AMS binds to a region termed the E box of target gene promoters."
"SGD9..SUVH5"	"Encodes SU(var)3-9 homologue 5 (SUVH5).  SUVH5 has histone methyltransferase (MTase) activity in vitro and contributes to the maintenance of H3 mK9 (methylation of histone H3 at Lys-9) and CMT3-mediated non-CG methylation in vivo. This is a member of a subfamily of SET proteins that shares a conserved SRA domain., Encodes SU(var)3-9 homologue 5 (SUVH5).  SUVH5 has histone methyltransferase (MTase) activity in vitro and contributes to the maintenance of H3 mK9 (methylation of histone H3 at Lys-9) and CMT3-mediated non-CG methylation in vivo. This is a member of a subfamily of SET proteins that shares a conserved SRA domain."
"ATWRKY43..WRKY43"	"member of WRKY Transcription Factor; Group II-c, member of WRKY Transcription Factor; Group II-c"
"GDCH"	"Encodes glycine decarboxylase complex H protein. Involved in photorespiration."
"ATBRXL1..BRXL1"	"Belongs to five-member BRX gene family. Arabidopsis BRX genes share high levels of similarity among each others, with several conserved domains. The most distinct is BRX domain - highly conserved in all BRX genes among distantly related species. This protein-protein interaction domain is required and sufficient for BRX activity., Belongs to five-member BRX gene family. Arabidopsis BRX genes share high levels of similarity among each others, with several conserved domains. The most distinct is BRX domain - highly conserved in all BRX genes among distantly related species. This protein-protein interaction domain is required and sufficient for BRX activity."
"PY..THIC..PY..THIC..PY..THIC"	"Encodes a protein involved in thiamine biosynthesis. The protein is an iron-sulfur cluster protein predicted to catalyze the conversion of 5-aminoimidazole ribonucleotide (AIR) to hydroxymethylpyrimidine phosphate (HMP-P). A severe reduction of THIC levels in plants decreases vitamin B1 (thiamin diphosphate (TPP)) levels and also leads to changes in the levels of numerous other metabolites since so many primary metabolic enzymes require a TPP co-factor. thiC mutants are chlorotic and arrest in their development at the cotyledon stage. A N-terminal targeting sequence directs the THIC protein to the chloroplast stroma. The THIC transcript is regulated by a TPP riboswitch in the 3' UTR. THIC transcripts are observed in seedlings 5 or more days after germination, and light promotes the expression of this gene., Encodes a protein involved in thiamine biosynthesis. The protein is an iron-sulfur cluster protein predicted to catalyze the conversion of 5-aminoimidazole ribonucleotide (AIR) to hydroxymethylpyrimidine phosphate (HMP-P). A severe reduction of THIC levels in plants decreases vitamin B1 (thiamin diphosphate (TPP)) levels and also leads to changes in the levels of numerous other metabolites since so many primary metabolic enzymes require a TPP co-factor. thiC mutants are chlorotic and arrest in their development at the cotyledon stage. A N-terminal targeting sequence directs the THIC protein to the chloroplast stroma. The THIC transcript is regulated by a TPP riboswitch in the 3' UTR. THIC transcripts are observed in seedlings 5 or more days after germination, and light promotes the expression of this gene., Encodes a protein involved in thiamin biosynthesis. The protein is an iron-sulfur cluster protein predicted to catalyze the conversion of 5-aminoimidazole ribonucleotide (AIR) to hydroxymethylpyrimidine (HMP) or  hydroxymethylpyrimidine phosphate (HMP-P). A severe reduction of THIC levels in plants decreases vitamin B1 (thiamin diphosphate (TPP)) levels and also leads to changes in the levels of numerous other metabolites since so many primary metabolic enzymes require a TPP co-factor. thiC mutants are chlorotic and arrest in their development at the cotyledon stage. A N-terminal targeting sequence directs the THIC protein to the chloroplast stroma. A conserved TPP-binding site is located in the 3' UTR of the At2g29630.2 gene model, and is predicted to function as a riboswitch. The riboswitch controls the  formation of transcripts with alternative 3' UTR lengths, which affect mRNA accumulation and protein production. THIC transcripts are observed in seedlings 5 or more days after germination, and light promotes the expression of this gene.  Recessive mutant isolated by Redei. Leaves but not cotyledons white, lethal; restored to normal by thiamine or 2,5-dimethyl-4-aminopyrimidine., Encodes a protein involved in thiamin biosynthesis. The protein is an iron-sulfur cluster protein predicted to catalyze the conversion of 5-aminoimidazole ribonucleotide (AIR) to hydroxymethylpyrimidine (HMP) or  hydroxymethylpyrimidine phosphate (HMP-P). A severe reduction of THIC levels in plants decreases vitamin B1 (thiamin diphosphate (TPP)) levels and also leads to changes in the levels of numerous other metabolites since so many primary metabolic enzymes require a TPP co-factor. thiC mutants are chlorotic and arrest in their development at the cotyledon stage. A N-terminal targeting sequence directs the THIC protein to the chloroplast stroma. A conserved TPP-binding site is located in the 3' UTR of the At2g29630.2 gene model, and is predicted to function as a riboswitch. The riboswitch controls the  formation of transcripts with alternative 3' UTR lengths, which affect mRNA accumulation and protein production. THIC transcripts are observed in seedlings 5 or more days after germination, and light promotes the expression of this gene.  Recessive mutant isolated by Redei. Leaves but not cotyledons white, lethal; restored to normal by thiamine or 2,5-dimethyl-4-aminopyrimidine."
"ATNADP.ME1..NADP.ME1"	"The malic enzyme (EC 1.1.1.40) encoded by AtNADP-ME1 is expressed in response to developmental and cell-specific signals. The enzyme is active in vitro and appears to function as a homohexamer or homooctamer. It is believed to be a cytosolic protein., The malic enzyme (EC 1.1.1.40) encoded by AtNADP-ME1 is expressed in response to developmental and cell-specific signals. The enzyme is active in vitro and appears to function as a homohexamer or homooctamer. It is believed to be a cytosolic protein."
"PKS1"	"Encodes a basic soluble protein which can independently bind to either PHYA or PHYB, regardless of whether the phytochromes are in the Pr or Pfr state.  PKS1 can be phosphorylated by oat phyA in vitro in a light regulated manner.  It is postulated to be a negative regulator of phyB signalling."
"AtPPa3..PPa3"	"Encodes a protein that might have inorganic pyrophosphatase activity., Encodes a protein that might have inorganic pyrophosphatase activity."
"ATHB.4..ATHB4..HB4"	"Encodes a homeodomain protein whose expression  displays a dependence on phyB for both red and far-red light response.  Also involved in the shade avoidance syndrome., Encodes a homeodomain protein whose expression  displays a dependence on phyB for both red and far-red light response.  Also involved in the shade avoidance syndrome., Encodes a homeodomain protein whose expression  displays a dependence on phyB for both red and far-red light response.  Also involved in the shade avoidance syndrome."
"PYL2..RCAR14"	"Encodes a member of the PYR (pyrabactin resistance  )/PYL(PYR1-like)/RCAR (regulatory components of ABA receptor) family proteins with 14 members.  PYR/PYL/RCAR family proteins function as abscisic acid sensors. Mediate ABA-dependent regulation of protein phosphatase 2Cs ABI1 and ABI2., Encodes a member of the PYR (pyrabactin resistance  )/PYL(PYR1-like)/RCAR (regulatory components of ABA receptor) family proteins with 14 members.  PYR/PYL/RCAR family proteins function as abscisic acid sensors. Mediate ABA-dependent regulation of protein phosphatase 2Cs ABI1 and ABI2."
"CYP86A8..LCR"	"Encodes a member of the CYP86A subfamily of cytochrome p450 genes. Expressed at moderate levels in flowers, leaves, roots and stems., Encodes a member of the CYP86A subfamily of cytochrome p450 genes. Expressed at moderate levels in flowers, leaves, roots and stems."
"CYP710A2"	"Encodes a protein with C22-sterol desaturase activity. The enzyme was shown to catalyze the conversion of both 24-<i>epi</i>-campesterol and &beta;-sitosterol to brassicasterol and stigmasterol, respectively, in the presence of NADPH."
"TBL34"	"Encodes a member of the TBL (TRICHOME BIREFRINGENCE-LIKE) gene family containing a plant-specific DUF231 (domain of unknown function) domain. TBL gene family has 46 members, two of which (TBR/AT5G06700 and TBL3/AT5G01360) have been shown to be involved in the synthesis and deposition of secondary wall cellulose, presumably by influencing the esterification state of pectic polymers. A nomenclature for this gene family has been proposed (Volker Bischoff & Wolf Scheible, 2010, personal communication)."
"ATWL2..CIPK13..SnRK3.7..WL2"	"Encodes CBL-interacting protein kinase 13 (CIPK13)., Encodes CBL-interacting protein kinase 13 (CIPK13)., Encodes CBL-interacting protein kinase 13 (CIPK13)., Encodes CBL-interacting protein kinase 13 (CIPK13)."
"ATMES7..MES7"	"Encodes a protein shown to have carboxylesterase activity, methyl salicylate esterase activity, and methyl IAA esterase activity in vitro. This protein does not act on methyl JA, MeGA4, or MEGA9 in vitro. MES7 appears to be involved in MeSA hydrolysis in planta. Expression of MES7 can restore systemic acquired resistance in SAR-deficient tobacco plants., Encodes a protein shown to have carboxylesterase activity, methyl salicylate esterase activity, and methyl IAA esterase activity in vitro. This protein does not act on methyl JA, MeGA4, or MEGA9 in vitro. MES7 appears to be involved in MeSA hydrolysis in planta. Expression of MES7 can restore systemic acquired resistance in SAR-deficient tobacco plants."
"ATMES1..MES1"	"Encodes a protein shown to have carboxylesterase activity, methyl salicylate esterase activity, methyl jasmonate esterase activity, and methyl IAA esterase activity in vitro. MES1 appears to be involved in MeSA hydrolysis in planta. Expression of MES1 can restore systemic acquired resistance in SAR-deficient tobacco plants. This protein does not act on MeGA4, or MEGA9 in vitro., Encodes a protein shown to have carboxylesterase activity, methyl salicylate esterase activity, methyl jasmonate esterase activity, and methyl IAA esterase activity in vitro. MES1 appears to be involved in MeSA hydrolysis in planta. Expression of MES1 can restore systemic acquired resistance in SAR-deficient tobacco plants. This protein does not act on MeGA4, or MEGA9 in vitro."
"ACPT..AtcPT3..CPT..cPT3"	"encodes cis-prenyltransferase, encodes cis-prenyltransferase, encodes cis-prenyltransferase, encodes cis-prenyltransferase"
"ATGPAT6..GPAT6"	"Encodes a protein with glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase activity., Encodes a protein with glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase activity."
"SNRK2.9..SNRK2.9"	"encodes a member of SNF1-related protein kinases (SnRK2), encodes a member of SNF1-related protein kinases (SnRK2)"
"SCPL8..SNG1"	"sinapoylglucose:malate sinapoyltransferase. Catalyzes the formation of sinapoylmalate from sinapoylglucose. Mutants accumulate excess sinapoylglucose., sinapoylglucose:malate sinapoyltransferase. Catalyzes the formation of sinapoylmalate from sinapoylglucose. Mutants accumulate excess sinapoylglucose."
"ATHB21..HB21..ZFHD4..ZHD3"	"Zinc finger homeobox protein. Expressed in vascular tissue.  In a yeast one hybrid system was not able to transactivate a reporter gene., Zinc finger homeobox protein. Expressed in vascular tissue.  In a yeast one hybrid system was not able to transactivate a reporter gene., Zinc finger homeobox protein. Expressed in vascular tissue.  In a yeast one hybrid system was not able to transactivate a reporter gene., Zinc finger homeobox protein. Expressed in vascular tissue.  In a yeast one hybrid system was not able to transactivate a reporter gene."
"BLH4..SAW2"	"Encodes a member of the BEL family of homeodomain proteins. Plants doubly mutant for saw1/saw2 (blh2/blh4) have serrated leaves. BP is expressed in the serrated leaves, therefore saw2 and saw1 may act redundantly to repress BP in leaves., Encodes a member of the BEL family of homeodomain proteins. Plants doubly mutant for saw1/saw2 (blh2/blh4) have serrated leaves. BP is expressed in the serrated leaves, therefore saw2 and saw1 may act redundantly to repress BP in leaves."
"LAC3"	"putative laccase, a member of laccase family of genes (17 members in Arabidopsis)."
"FDH..KCS10"	"epidermis-specific, encodes KCS10, a putative 3-ketoacyl-CoA synthase. probably involved in the synthesis of long-chain lipids found in the cuticle., epidermis-specific, encodes KCS10, a putative 3-ketoacyl-CoA synthase. probably involved in the synthesis of long-chain lipids found in the cuticle."
"CYP711A1..MAX1"	"Encodes a protein with similarity to thromboxane-A synthase, member of the CYP711A cytochrome P450 family. MAX1 is a specific repressor of vegetative axillary buds generated by the axillary meristem. Expressed in vascular traces in the rosette stem and axillary buds throughout plant development. Mutants have increased axillary branches. Along with MAX3,4 thought to mediate control of shoot branching via synthesis of a signal molecule which is transported over long distance mediated by MAX2. cDNA supports the existence of the longer transcript predicted for this locus, no cDNA isolated for shorter transcript. MAX1 downregulates 11 genes involved in flavonoid pathway (CHS, CHI, F3H, F3'H, FLS, DFR, ANS, UFGT, RT, AAC and GST)., Encodes a protein with similarity to thromboxane-A synthase, member of the CYP711A cytochrome P450 family. MAX1 is a specific repressor of vegetative axillary buds generated by the axillary meristem. Expressed in vascular traces in the rosette stem and axillary buds throughout plant development. Mutants have increased axillary branches. Along with MAX3,4 thought to mediate control of shoot branching via synthesis of a signal molecule which is transported over long distance mediated by MAX2. cDNA supports the existence of the longer transcript predicted for this locus, no cDNA isolated for shorter transcript. MAX1 downregulates 11 genes involved in flavonoid pathway (CHS, CHI, F3H, F3'H, FLS, DFR, ANS, UFGT, RT, AAC and GST)."
"ARF3..ETT"	"ettin (ett) mutations have pleiotropic effects on Arabidopsis flower development, causing increases in perianth organ number, decreases in stamen number and anther formation, and apical-basal patterning defects in the gynoecium. The ETTIN gene encodes a protein with homology to DNA binding proteins which bind to auxin response elements. ETT transcript is expressed throughout stage 1 floral meristems and subsequently resolves to a complex pattern within petal, stamen and carpel primordia.  ETT probably functions to impart regional identity in floral meristems that affects perianth organ number spacing, stamen formation, and regional differentiation in stamens and the gynoecium. During stage 5, ETT expression appears in a ring at the top  of the floral meristem before morphological appearance of the gynoecium, consistent with the proposal that ETT is involved in prepatterning apical and basal boundaries in the gynoecium primordium.  It is a target of the ta-siRNA tasiR-ARF., ettin (ett) mutations have pleiotropic effects on Arabidopsis flower development, causing increases in perianth organ number, decreases in stamen number and anther formation, and apical-basal patterning defects in the gynoecium. The ETTIN gene encodes a protein with homology to DNA binding proteins which bind to auxin response elements. ETT transcript is expressed throughout stage 1 floral meristems and subsequently resolves to a complex pattern within petal, stamen and carpel primordia.  ETT probably functions to impart regional identity in floral meristems that affects perianth organ number spacing, stamen formation, and regional differentiation in stamens and the gynoecium. During stage 5, ETT expression appears in a ring at the top  of the floral meristem before morphological appearance of the gynoecium, consistent with the proposal that ETT is involved in prepatterning apical and basal boundaries in the gynoecium primordium.  It is a target of the ta-siRNA tasiR-ARF."
"AGL20..ATSOC1..SOC1"	"Controls flowering and is required for CO to promote flowering. It acts downstream of FT. Overexpression of (SOC1) AGL20 suppresses not only the late flowering of plants that have functional FRI and FLC alleles but also the delayed phase transitions during the vegetative stages of development. AGL20/SOC1 acts with AGL24 to promote flowering and inflorescence meristem identity.AGL20 upregulates expression of AGL24 in response to GA., Controls flowering and is required for CO to promote flowering. It acts downstream of FT. Overexpression of (SOC1) AGL20 suppresses not only the late flowering of plants that have functional FRI and FLC alleles but also the delayed phase transitions during the vegetative stages of development. AGL20/SOC1 acts with AGL24 to promote flowering and inflorescence meristem identity.AGL20 upregulates expression of AGL24 in response to GA., Controls flowering and is required for CO to promote flowering. It acts downstream of FT. Overexpression of (SOC1) AGL20 suppresses not only the late flowering of plants that have functional FRI and FLC alleles but also the delayed phase transitions during the vegetative stages of development. AGL20/SOC1 acts with AGL24 to promote flowering and inflorescence meristem identity.AGL20 upregulates expression of AGL24 in response to GA."
"CPK14"	"member of Calcium Dependent Protein Kinase"
